Number of top1 is 884 out of 1521 (58%)
Number of top5 is 1215 out of 1521 (79%)
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, nationalists, buenos, americans
australian	->	australian, zealand, canadian, canada, united
austrian	->	austrian, german, bavarian, hungarian, swiss
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, african, asian, indigenous, portuguese
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, romanian, serbian, moldovan, belarusian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, rouge, vietnamese, congolese
chilean	->	chilean, mexican, costa, argentine, salvador
chinese	->	chinese, taiwan, nationalists, prc, mainland
colombian	->	cypriot, lao, colombian, chilean, mexican
croatian	->	croatian, serbian, estonian, serbo, bosnia
danish	->	danish, swedish, krone, scandinavian, swiss
egyptian	->	arab, egyptian, israeli, syrian, iranian
english	->	scottish, scotland, english, welsh, british
french	->	french, dutch, german, european, british
german	->	german, nazi, dutch, european, soviet
greek	->	turkish, macedonian, scandinavian, serbian, finnish
icelandic	->	faroese, danish, icelandic, denmark, swedish
indian	->	china, chinese, indian, asian, iranian
irish	->	irish, scottish, welsh, british, scotland
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, palestinians, refugees, arab
italian	->	german, italian, germany, dutch, russian
japanese	->	japanese, china, chinese, european, korean
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, seoul, nationalists, kurdish
macedonian	->	serbian, macedonian, bulgarian, romanian, moldovan
maltese	->	maltese, danish, faroese, aristocracy, estonian
mexican	->	mexican, native, spanish, americans, residents
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, bolivian, kyrgyz, transnistria
dutch	->	dutch, flemish, quebec, indies, danish
norwegian	->	swedish, sweden, norwegian, danish, krone
peruvian	->	lima, peruvian, paraguay, suriname, venezuela
polish	->	polish, lithuanian, russian, germans, romanian
portuguese	->	spain, portuguese, spanish, colony, dutch
russian	->	russian, soviet, ussr, germany, communist
slovakian	->	kinshasa, czech, romanian, serbian, slovak
spanish	->	spanish, nationalists, dutch, french, basque
swedish	->	swedish, danish, swiss, kurdish, economist
swiss	->	swiss, greens, romanian, zurich, outlawed
thai	->	singapore, taiwan, kurdish, vietnamese, korea
australian	->	corporation, broadcasting, judiciary, manx, anarchic
austrian	->	helmut, infidel, chancellor, reich, benoit
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	acme, ivo, rebranded, davidians, intervenes
bulgarian	->	henning, otherworldly, reichskanzler, csv, krajina
cambodian	->	alberts, seagram, amharic, dci, ezln
chilean	->	salaino, davidians, objectified, kusturica, kdf
chinese	->	davidians, devolved, prc, seagram, arya
colombian	->	objectified, davidians, cuc, equato, otherworldly
croatian	->	serbo, unstoppable, judiciary, infidel, croatian
danish	->	danish, seimas, constabulary, krone, barebones
egyptian	->	gulag, assailant, preferentially, blockaded, sternberg
english	->	atreides, royalist, scottish, parliament, randolph
french	->	archaeologist, bef, westinghouse, reich, privatised
german	->	reich, chancellor, reichstag, helmut, nach
greek	->	gulag, ammonite, unstoppable, constabulary, archaeologist
icelandic	->	constabulary, barebones, cuc, davidians, ammonite
indian	->	davidians, admiralty, devolved, judiciary, acme
irish	->	parliament, burren, chambers, wolfhound, manx
israeli	->	israeli, knesset, palestinian, assailant, objectified
italian	->	reich, archaeologist, infidel, royalist, reichstag
japanese	->	arya, classicist, unstoppable, davidians, privatised
korean	->	randolph, classicist, afghani, objectified, montalva
macedonian	->	moldovan, gnosis, altruist, ammonite, serbian
maltese	->	demoscene, ejector, whig, cuc, centuriate
mexican	->	classicist, objectified, mandan, privatised, bef
moldovan	->	moldovan, cuc, seagram, steelyard, csv
dutch	->	objectified, cdm, barebones, nederlandse, chancellery
norwegian	->	constabulary, barebones, ammonite, cdm, objectified
peruvian	->	objectified, mep, bef, ivo, investigatory
polish	->	fiedler, benoit, reich, krzy, gmelin
portuguese	->	secaucus, ivo, mononoke, nasir, mcdougall
russian	->	moldovan, unstoppable, ivo, reich, reichstag
slovakian	->	madam, koruna, seagram, davidians, amharic
spanish	->	reich, sanhedrin, seleucids, huguenots, ivo
swedish	->	burren, riigikogu, constabulary, mpr, barebones
swiss	->	riigikogu, sanhedrin, bundesbank, maybach, ccel
thai	->	objectified, alberts, amharic, randolph, unstoppable
ukrainian	->	maybach, obama, rubidium, gori, gert
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, german, czech, austro
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, belgian, footballer, angola, argentine
bulgarian	->	croatian, bulgarian, herzegovina, czech, serbian
cambodian	->	cambodian, liberian, liberia, vs, khmer
chilean	->	chilean, costa, rica, argentine, cuban
chinese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, kong, hong
colombian	->	guatemala, rica, costa, cuban, colombian
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, herzegovina, bosnia, czech
danish	->	danish, swedish, luxembourg, hungarian, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, turkish, jordan, greek, persian
english	->	english, british, scottish, henry, canadian
french	->	french, british, german, belgian, english
german	->	german, nazi, finnish, austrian, russian
greek	->	finnish, turkish, cyprus, estonian, danish
icelandic	->	faroese, icelandic, danish, greenland, faroe
indian	->	indian, japanese, british, chinese, canadian
irish	->	irish, canadian, british, scottish, english
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, lebanese, syrian, palestine
italian	->	italian, german, russian, french, swedish
japanese	->	japanese, british, military, canadian, occupation
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, finnish, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, yugoslav, bulgarian, albanian, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, guatemalan, danish, bahamian, grenada
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, belgian, texas, cuban
moldovan	->	moldovan, guatemalan, kyrgyz, bolivian, romanian
dutch	->	dutch, belgian, swedish, belgium, danish
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, denmark, sweden
peruvian	->	peruvian, bolivia, paraguay, venezuela, argentine
polish	->	polish, russian, lithuanian, hungarian, finnish
portuguese	->	portuguese, french, belgian, italian, france
russian	->	russian, soviet, finnish, german, croatian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, croatian, czechoslovakia, koruna
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, belgian, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, danish, denmark, finnish, norwegian
swiss	->	swiss, finnish, estonian, swedish, belgian
thai	->	vs, singapore, novak, bangkok, thai
ukrainian	->	ussr, romanian, ukrainian, russian, croatian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, croatian, czech, slovak
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, mexican, chilean, argentine, belgian
bulgarian	->	croatian, bulgarian, marxist, folklore, albanian
cambodian	->	cambodian, liberian, repression, khmer, salvadoran
chilean	->	chilean, mexican, argentine, cuban, colombian
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, indian, tibetan, korean
colombian	->	colombian, salvadoran, mexican, chilean, honduran
croatian	->	croatian, marxist, serbo, environmentalist, sociology
danish	->	danish, swedish, swiss, scottish, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, israeli, arab, historian, scholar
english	->	scottish, british, american, william, irish
french	->	french, british, writer, historian, german
german	->	german, nazi, economists, swiss, von
greek	->	historian, mathematicians, turkish, hellenistic, physicists
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, danish, ninja, economists
indian	->	indian, chinese, theorists, pakistani, founder
irish	->	irish, scottish, british, canadian, american
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, jewish, palestinians, lebanese
italian	->	italian, german, composers, composer, deaths
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, indian, british, american
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, nationalists, pakistani
macedonian	->	marxist, serbian, macedonian, russian, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, honduran, whig, fijian, jamaican
mexican	->	mexican, american, americans, francisco, cuban
moldovan	->	bolivian, honduran, moldovan, chilean, guatemalan
dutch	->	dutch, economists, swiss, belgian, mathematician
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, physicist, scottish, laureate
peruvian	->	mexican, argentine, jos, peruvian, luis
polish	->	polish, uprising, russian, scottish, german
portuguese	->	mathematician, deaths, scientist, missionary, carlos
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, revolutionary, communist
slovakian	->	balinese, croatian, slovak, czech, hungarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, mexican, revolutionary
swedish	->	prize, economist, nobel, swedish, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, psychiatrist, economist, humanist, linguist
thai	->	filipino, wang, singapore, tibetan, lankan
ukrainian	->	baer, ukrainian, anarchist, anarchists, communists
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, balinese, croatian, serb
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, chilean, cartoonist, colombian
brazilian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
bulgarian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
cambodian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
chilean	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
chinese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
colombian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
croatian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
danish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
egyptian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
english	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
french	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
german	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
greek	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
icelandic	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
indian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
irish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
israeli	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
italian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
japanese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
korean	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
macedonian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
maltese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
mexican	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
moldovan	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
dutch	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
norwegian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
peruvian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
polish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
portuguese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
russian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
slovakian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
spanish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
swedish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
swiss	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
thai	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
ukrainian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
albanian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
argentinean	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
australian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
bulgarian	->	croatian, bulgarian, serbian, czech, ukrainian
cambodian	->	cambodian, maltese, wong, mort, argentinian
chilean	->	argentine, luis, chilean, jobim, colombian
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, indian, korean, shanghai
colombian	->	nacional, colombian, afro, jorge, luis
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, zagreb, expressionist, slovakian
danish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, krone, swiss
egyptian	->	egyptian, jordanian, turkish, persian, ad
english	->	scottish, welsh, royal, scotland, british
french	->	french, swedish, d, norwegian, british
german	->	german, swedish, austrian, swiss, norwegian
greek	->	swedish, turkish, egyptian, danish, elamite
icelandic	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, icelandic, faroese
indian	->	indian, chinese, pakistani, japanese, glider
irish	->	scottish, irish, welsh, swedish, canadian
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, jordanian, lebanese, egyptian
italian	->	swedish, italian, norwegian, composer, german
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, swedish, aerospace, indian
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, pakistani, seoul
macedonian	->	serbian, castilian, scythian, pashtun, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, norwegian, phylogeny, danish, jordanian
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, argentine, los, texas
moldovan	->	kyrgyz, romanian, vos, bolivian, guatemalan
dutch	->	swedish, dutch, norwegian, danish, swiss
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, norsk, krone
peruvian	->	luis, lan, argentine, ferrer, peruvian
polish	->	polish, swedish, fredrik, norwegian, hungarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, carlos, swedish, franciscan, industrialist
russian	->	russian, swedish, polish, hungarian, businessman
slovakian	->	duran, slovak, medline, ema, witold
spanish	->	spanish, italian, portuguese, french, carlos
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, swiss, prize
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, cap, psychiatrist, norwegian
thai	->	soprano, sri, lanka, uzbek, soloists
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, ru, elk, businessman, fredrik
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, armenian, croatian, elamite
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, argentinian, footballer, afro
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, zealand, swedish
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, swedish, habsburg, swiss
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, cambodian, rouge, algerian
chilean	->	spanish, mexican, argentine, cuban, portuguese
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, asian, iranian
colombian	->	spanish, mexican, afro, basque, nacional
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, serbian, hristo, russian
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, dutch, bavarian
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, middle, ancient, greek
english	->	english, welsh, anglo, scottish, saxon
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, english, italian
german	->	german, dutch, russian, italian, french
greek	->	greek, turkish, macedonian, russian, ancient
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, swedish, faroese, kurdish
indian	->	chinese, indian, japanese, asian, korean
irish	->	irish, welsh, scottish, english, anglo
israeli	->	israeli, arab, syrian, jewish, palestinian
italian	->	italian, spanish, dutch, russian, german
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, pre, asian
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, japanese, chinese
macedonian	->	macedonian, serbian, slavic, romanian, russian
maltese	->	maltese, aristocracy, cornish, danish, japonic
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, native, colony, dutch
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, russian, lithuanian, settler
dutch	->	dutch, catalan, spanish, french, english
norwegian	->	swedish, dutch, norwegian, danish, bavarian
peruvian	->	spanish, lima, armada, castilian, conquistador
polish	->	polish, russian, lithuanian, ukrainian, hungarian
portuguese	->	spanish, portuguese, colony, italian, spain
russian	->	russian, soviet, romanian, german, ukrainian
slovakian	->	slovak, bavarian, hristo, czech, romanian
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, italian, portuguese
swedish	->	swedish, dutch, polish, danish, hungarian
swiss	->	dutch, romanian, italic, swiss, swedish
thai	->	vietnamese, mandarin, korean, bison, caucasian
ukrainian	->	romanian, hristo, ukrainian, russian, ruble
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, macedonian, slavic, romanian
argentinean	->	spanish, mexican, argentine, armada, italian
australian	->	australian, british, english, dutch, zealand
austrian	->	hungarian, bavarian, austro, german, dutch
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
chilean	->	chilean, colombian, argentine, mexican, puerto
chinese	->	chinese, mainland, prc, afghan, nationalists
colombian	->	colombian, honduran, salvadoran, cypriot, nacional
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, austrian, expects, bosnian
danish	->	danish, austrian, swedish, greenland, krone
egyptian	->	turkish, egyptian, athens, jordanian, greeks
english	->	scottish, natives, british, scotland, somerset
french	->	british, french, gibraltar, austrian, belgian
german	->	austrian, german, physicists, nazi, dutch
greek	->	turkish, athens, athenian, cyprus, physicists
icelandic	->	greenland, icelandic, danish, unpaid, demesne
indian	->	indian, pakistani, british, malay, subcontinent
irish	->	irish, scottish, british, citizens, parliament
israeli	->	israeli, palestinians, citizens, refugees, lebanese
italian	->	natives, italian, venice, austrian, sicilian
japanese	->	japanese, british, deaths, automobile, australian
korean	->	korean, nationalists, vietnamese, pakistani, afghan
macedonian	->	serbian, malay, macedonian, castilian, pashtun
maltese	->	gibraltar, fijian, athenian, aristocracy, demesne
mexican	->	mexican, puerto, americans, natives, texas
moldovan	->	bolivian, ghanaian, honduran, gibraltar, guinean
dutch	->	expects, dutch, quebec, austrian, natives
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, natives, convicts, gibraltar
peruvian	->	paraguay, puerto, peruvian, argentine, mexican
polish	->	polish, austrian, natives, nobility, dukes
portuguese	->	monarchs, convicts, natives, portuguese, habsburgs
russian	->	austrian, russian, soviet, poland, german
slovakian	->	bohemian, ewe, czech, balinese, dominicans
spanish	->	gibraltar, spanish, natives, austrian, mafia
swedish	->	swedish, norway, danish, austrian, norwegian
swiss	->	swiss, canton, expects, genoa, bologna
thai	->	singapore, lankan, tamils, patriot, inuit
ukrainian	->	canton, elk, abingdon, uganda, marburg
albanian	->	albanian, bakassi, serbian, afghan, albanians
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, buenos, aires, colombian
australian	->	australian, zealand, british, canadian, canada
austrian	->	austrian, bavaria, nobility, bavarian, expects
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, mexican, chilean, argentine, belgian
chinese	->	japanese, prc, chinese, afghan, manchuria
colombian	->	colombian, guinean, ecuadorian, argentine, afghan
croatian	->	croatian, serbian, serbo, andrei, czech
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, krone, austrian
egyptian	->	egyptian, syrian, israeli, iraqi, ottoman
english	->	scottish, british, scotland, royal, parliament
french	->	british, french, overseas, territories, russian
german	->	german, nazi, austrian, soviet, russian
greek	->	serbian, turkish, russian, afghan, ottoman
icelandic	->	danish, icelandic, norwegian, constabulary, swedish
indian	->	indian, subcontinent, pakistani, punjab, british
irish	->	scottish, british, parliament, irish, scots
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, lebanese, syrian, iraqi
italian	->	italian, russian, fascist, ottoman, german
japanese	->	japanese, british, warlord, civilian, indian
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, pakistani, warlord, iraqi
macedonian	->	serbian, yugoslav, macedonian, kazakh, bulgarian
maltese	->	danish, norwegian, guatemalan, constabulary, malaysian
mexican	->	mexican, colombian, argentine, colony, indonesian
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, kazakh, guinean, golem
dutch	->	dutch, danish, swedish, norwegian, austrian
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, earls, gustaf
peruvian	->	colombian, argentine, peso, paraguay, mexican
polish	->	polish, russian, dmitry, tsar, ukrainian
portuguese	->	overseas, ottoman, reigning, portuguese, monarchs
russian	->	russian, soviet, ussr, serbian, dmitry
slovakian	->	bohemian, czech, koruna, czechoslovakia, croatian
spanish	->	territories, ottoman, portuguese, habsburgs, independence
swedish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, norway, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, romanian, swedish, outlawed, norwegian
thai	->	singapore, warlord, mongolian, lankan, shogun
ukrainian	->	ussr, dmitry, ukrainian, kiev, aleksandrovich
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, albanians, kosovo, yugoslav
argentinean	->	argentine, colombian, mexican, diplomats, indonesian
australian	->	australian, british, zealand, canadian, commonwealth
austrian	->	austrian, bohemian, habsburgs, czech, german
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	colombian, argentine, brazilian, portuguese, mexican
bulgarian	->	serbian, bulgarian, croatian, romanian, albanian
colombian	->	nacional, comoros, mexican, guatemala, ecuador
croatian	->	croatian, slovak, czech, serbo, vizsla
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, english, munster
egyptian	->	egyptian, arabic, persian, greek, ancient
english	->	english, welsh, scottish, old, irish
french	->	french, english, spanish, de, italian
german	->	german, hungarian, dutch, french, polish
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, persian, arabic
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, faroe, ninja, munster
indian	->	indian, traditional, japanese, korean, cuisine
irish	->	irish, welsh, english, scottish, scots
israeli	->	israeli, jewish, palestinian, hebrew, egyptian
italian	->	italian, spanish, latin, french, portuguese
japanese	->	japanese, traditional, korean, indian, emperors
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, persian, arabic
macedonian	->	slavic, arabic, serbian, bulgarian, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, danish, creole, phylogeny
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, native, portuguese, argentina
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, kyrgyz, kazakh, bolivian
dutch	->	dutch, english, speaking, swedish, spoken
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, sweden, danish, swedes
peruvian	->	paraguay, venezuela, uruguay, mexican, jos
polish	->	polish, hungarian, slavic, russian, kazimierz
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, afonso, spain, bourbon
russian	->	russian, hungarian, poland, polish, slavic
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, koruna, czecho, hokku
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, italian, roman
swedish	->	swedish, danish, hungarian, polish, welsh
swiss	->	phrases, swiss, speaking, swedish, latin
thai	->	zh, urdu, korean, wu, vietnamese
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, slavic, bulgarian, romanian, bulgarians
albanian	->	slovak, arabic, albanian, serbian, bulgarian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, phrases, armada
australian	->	australian, zealand, english, british, canadian
austrian	->	hungarian, habsburg, austrian, german, czech
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, mexican, angola, spanish
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, czech, albania, slavic, transliteration
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, cambodian, korean, awk
croatian	->	croatian, gujarat, neonatal, unsigned, sultans
danish	->	swedish, danish, norway, austrian, norwegian
egyptian	->	taliban, dynasty, persia, golan, syria
english	->	scottish, scotland, british, william, australian
french	->	british, b, d, politician, swedish
german	->	austrian, german, swedish, nazi, swiss
greek	->	turkish, swedish, sultans, emperors, rulers
icelandic	->	ninja, icelandic, swedish, julio, danish
indian	->	indian, subcontinent, pakistani, punjab, bengal
irish	->	scottish, british, scotland, irish, welsh
israeli	->	israeli, golan, palestinian, palestinians, israelites
italian	->	swedish, emperors, deaths, austrian, italian
japanese	->	japanese, shogun, emperors, warlord, tokugawa
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, taiwanese, pakistani
macedonian	->	serbian, bohemian, macedonian, livonia, pakistani
maltese	->	danish, norwegian, maltese, malaysian, jordanian
mexican	->	mexican, chilean, texas, argentine, puerto
moldovan	->	chilean, moldovan, kyrgyz, romanian, kazakh
dutch	->	swedish, norway, zealand, austrian, habsburgs
norwegian	->	swedish, gustaf, oslo, norwegian, sweden
peruvian	->	chilean, argentine, mexican, peruvian, peso
polish	->	polish, gustaf, livonia, fredrik, austrian
portuguese	->	afonso, emperors, empress, habsburgs, aragon
russian	->	ussr, russian, soviet, annexed, kiev
slovakian	->	neonatal, bohemian, emirs, budapest, malaya
spanish	->	emperors, habsburgs, ruled, assassinated, ceded
swedish	->	swedish, norway, laureate, gustaf, prize
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, outlawed, psychiatrist, sweden
thai	->	shogun, singapore, lanka, siam, bates
ukrainian	->	ussr, kiev, crimea, bir, aleksandrovich
albanian	->	albanians, albanian, serbian, sultans, rulers
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, chilean, nominees, diplomats
australian	->	australian, zealand, queensland, british, sydney
austrian	->	austrian, habsburgs, hungarian, habsburg, austro
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	chilean, brazilian, mexican, argentine, footballer
bulgarian	->	yuri, ussr, sultans, boris, serbian
cambodian	->	cambodian, burma, yamamoto, insurgents, qing
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, mexican, menace, carlos
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, dutch, german
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, greek, turkish, arabic
english	->	english, dutch, scottish, welsh, british
french	->	french, dutch, german, english, italian
german	->	german, dutch, russian, swedish, finnish
greek	->	turkish, russian, german, greek, bulgarian
icelandic	->	norwegian, danish, icelandic, swedish, faroese
indian	->	indian, dutch, chinese, japanese, korean
irish	->	irish, scottish, welsh, english, british
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, arab, jewish, syrian
italian	->	italian, dutch, german, russian, spanish
japanese	->	japanese, dutch, indian, chinese, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, seoul, vietnam
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, slavic, romanian, russian
maltese	->	norwegian, danish, maltese, aristocracy, swedish
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, dutch, americans, portuguese
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, bulgarian, russian, bolivian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, norwegian, danish, german
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, dutch, netherlands
peruvian	->	armada, lima, venezuela, argentine, mexican
polish	->	polish, russian, ukrainian, slovenian, german
portuguese	->	portuguese, dutch, spanish, italian, french
russian	->	russian, german, soviet, romanian, dutch
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, slovenian, romanian, serbian
spanish	->	spanish, dutch, french, italian, portuguese
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, dutch, danish, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, dutch, romanian, swedish, german
thai	->	singapore, vietnamese, vietnam, bangkok, wei
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, romanian, russian, bulgarian, ussr
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, bulgarian, romanian, slovak
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, armada, dutch
australian	->	australian, zealand, dutch, british, canadian
austrian	->	german, dutch, austrian, hungarian, russian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, dutch, italian, mexican
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, romanian, serbian, ukrainian, russian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, koo, vietnamese, serbian
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, mexican, cuban, spanish
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, dutch
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, arabic, greek, syrian
english	->	english, british, scottish, welsh, dutch
french	->	french, german, dutch, british, english
german	->	german, swedish, dutch, finnish, russian
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, swedish, finnish
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, norwegian, swedish, faroe
indian	->	indian, chinese, subcontinent, japanese, korean
irish	->	irish, scottish, welsh, british, english
israeli	->	israeli, syrian, palestinian, egyptian, arab
italian	->	german, italian, swedish, norwegian, dutch
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, indian, korean, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, japanese, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, slavic, bulgarian, yugoslav, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, norwegian, faroese, fijian, phylogeny
mexican	->	mexican, native, spanish, americans, brazilian
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, kazakh, golem, guatemalan
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, norwegian, indies, german
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, dutch, icelandic, finnish
peruvian	->	argentine, armada, brazilian, paraguay, venezuela
polish	->	polish, russian, swedish, german, norwegian
portuguese	->	portuguese, dutch, swedish, spanish, french
russian	->	russian, german, soviet, finnish, swedish
slovakian	->	czech, slovak, croatian, serbian, hungarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, portuguese, italian
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, dutch, finnish, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, norwegian, dutch, german
thai	->	hindi, vietnamese, bengali, korean, lanka
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, romanian, russian, bulgarian, ussr
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, bulgarian, arabic, slavic
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, brazilian, armada, spanish
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, zealand, indian
austrian	->	german, hungarian, swedish, dutch, austrian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, argentine, dutch, hindi
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, croatian, finnish, russian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, vietnamese, liberian, hindi
chilean	->	argentine, chilean, brazilian, mexican, colombian
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, iranian
colombian	->	nacional, argentine, colombian, ecuadorian, afro
english	->	scottish, english, welsh, british, irish
french	->	french, japanese, british, italian, english
german	->	german, nazi, finnish, danish, swedish
greek	->	greek, hellenic, turkish, mythology, hellenistic
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, faroe, danish, fiji
indian	->	indian, chinese, japanese, cuisine, korean
irish	->	irish, scottish, scots, welsh, ulster
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, syrian, lebanese, hieroglyphs
italian	->	italian, turkish, norwegian, renaissance, greek
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, china, martial
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, hieroglyphs, japanese, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, hellenic, yugoslav, macedonian, bulgarian
maltese	->	maltese, malaysian, phylogeny, danish, stagnant
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, indonesian, nacional, colombia
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, pollutant, kyrgyz, hellenic
dutch	->	dutch, danish, nederlandse, swedish, norwegian
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, iceland, lillehammer
peruvian	->	venezuela, colombia, ecuador, hellenic, gabal
polish	->	polish, russian, lithuanian, hungarian, finnish
portuguese	->	portuguese, ruler, princess, tenn, japanese
russian	->	russian, soviet, serbian, bulgarian, finnish
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, marlene, balinese, koruna
spanish	->	spanish, italian, portuguese, french, turkish
swedish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, denmark, icelandic
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, finnish, norwegian, romanian
thai	->	thai, singapore, bangkok, hieroglyphs, wu
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, romanian, hellenic, ussr, crimea
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, slovak, balinese, mythology
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, indonesian, chilean, turkish
australian	->	australian, zealand, canadian, canada, british
austrian	->	hungarian, austrian, czech, german, danish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, colombia, mexican, janeiro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, hellenic, albania, croatian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, lao, mongolian, laos
chilean	->	chilean, costa, rica, colombia, argentine
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, iranian, japan
colombian	->	nacional, bogot, republica, marseillaise, lao
croatian	->	croatian, slovak, serbo, balinese, czech
french	->	french, spanish, d, italian, portuguese
german	->	german, french, finnish, russian, italian
greek	->	greek, arabic, turkish, persian, egyptian
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, danish, phonetics, bhfiann
indian	->	chinese, indian, hindi, arabic, korean
irish	->	irish, slang, words, canadian, refer
israeli	->	arabic, israeli, hebrew, greek, arab
italian	->	italian, spanish, latin, french, portuguese
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, hindi, china
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, hindi, chinese, arabic
macedonian	->	arabic, bulgarian, transliteration, colloquial, greek
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, danish, creole, phonology
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, cuban, cuba, portuguese
moldovan	->	equatorial, romanian, gabon, belarusian, bolivian
dutch	->	dutch, french, catalan, danish, belgium
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, icelandic, aleut
peruvian	->	venezuela, ecuador, bolivia, colombia, equatorial
polish	->	polish, czech, russian, hungarian, finnish
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, french, latin, italian
russian	->	russian, czech, croatian, finnish, bulgarian
slovakian	->	czech, slovak, croatian, slovenia, czecho
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, italian, latin
swedish	->	swedish, danish, czech, norwegian, finnish
swiss	->	swiss, latin, phrases, czech, pronounced
thai	->	hindi, urdu, laos, singapore, vs
ukrainian	->	romanian, belarusian, ukrainian, bulgarian, yiddish
albanian	->	arabic, albanian, czech, cameroon, croatian
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, mexican, brazilian, afro
australian	->	australian, canadian, canada, zealand, british
austrian	->	czech, hungarian, german, croatian, italian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, hindi, urdu, bolivia
bulgarian	->	czech, bulgarian, croatian, belarusian, arabic
cambodian	->	hindi, laos, liberia, khmer, urdu
chilean	->	costa, rica, cuban, colombia, ecuador
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, arabic, hindi
colombian	->	guatemala, ecuador, cuban, rica, equatorial
croatian	->	croatian, czech, chadian, serbo, ivoire
danish	->	danish, czech, swedish, icelandic, hungarian
german	->	german, dutch, italian, hungarian, russian
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, bulgarian, persian
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, danish, faroe, malta
indian	->	indian, chinese, korean, native, african
irish	->	irish, english, scottish, british, canadian
israeli	->	israeli, syrian, arab, palestinian, jewish
italian	->	italian, spanish, german, portuguese, dutch
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, indian, korean, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, seoul, japanese
macedonian	->	bulgarian, serbian, yugoslav, castilian, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, whig, bahamian, guatemalan
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, portuguese, native, italian
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, guatemalan, kazakh, golem
dutch	->	dutch, belgian, spanish, italian, danish
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, dutch, hungarian
peruvian	->	armada, spanish, argentine, lima, ecuador
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, lithuanian, bulgarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, dutch, painter
russian	->	russian, bulgarian, soviet, german, hungarian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, croatian, hungarian, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, portuguese, italian, dutch, belgian
swedish	->	swedish, danish, swiss, hungarian, dutch
swiss	->	swiss, dutch, italian, romanian, german
thai	->	thai, hindi, vietnamese, filipino, urdu
ukrainian	->	romanian, bulgarian, ukrainian, russian, belarusian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, croatian, yugoslav
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, mexican, armada, brazilian
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, english, indian
austrian	->	hungarian, german, austrian, czech, italian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, italian, spanish, african
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, croatian, albanian, romanian, czech
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, liberian, liberia, vietnamese
chilean	->	costa, rica, argentine, chilean, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, indian, spanish
colombian	->	nacional, costa, guatemala, rica, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, czech, bulgarian, chadian
danish	->	danish, hungarian, swedish, dutch, german
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, greek, arabic, ancient
greek	->	greek, egyptian, persian, turkish, danish
icelandic	->	danish, icelandic, swedish, norwegian, faroese
indian	->	indian, chinese, pakistani, japanese, korean
irish	->	irish, scottish, english, british, welsh
israeli	->	israeli, arab, palestinian, egyptian, jewish
italian	->	italian, spanish, french, russian, dutch
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, indian, korean, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, japanese, persian
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, slavic, yugoslav
maltese	->	maltese, danish, norwegian, phylogeny, hungarian
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, native, portuguese, brazilian
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, bulgarian, albanian, kazakh
dutch	->	dutch, danish, swedish, french, english
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, dutch, physicist
peruvian	->	argentine, armada, spanish, portuguese, castilian
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, slavic, lithuanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, french, dutch
russian	->	russian, soviet, hungarian, bulgarian, polish
slovakian	->	czech, slovak, hungarian, croatian, serbian
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, italian, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, nobel, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, dutch, swedish, romanian, danish
thai	->	vietnamese, urdu, lanka, tamil, bengali
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, russian, bulgarian, slavic
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, hungarian, arabic
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, mexican, brazilian, italian
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, english, indian
austrian	->	hungarian, austrian, czech, dutch, composer
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, italian, argentine, spanish
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, albanian, romanian, czech
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, vietnamese, serbian, liberian
chilean	->	argentine, brazilian, chilean, spanish, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, iranian
colombian	->	argentine, nacional, brazilian, jorge, mexican
croatian	->	croatian, czech, serbo, hungarian, serbian
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, norwegian, swiss
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, greek, arabic, ancient
english	->	english, scottish, british, welsh, dutch
icelandic	->	icelandic, norse, ori, mythology, faroese
indian	->	chinese, indian, modern, century, middle
irish	->	irish, english, welsh, old, refer
israeli	->	hebrew, jewish, bible, israeli, translated
italian	->	latin, italian, spanish, french, roman
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, pre, modern, traditional
korean	->	korean, chinese, hebrew, vietnamese, persian
macedonian	->	word, meaning, derives, arabic, latin
maltese	->	maltese, creole, slang, mythology, gothic
mexican	->	spanish, native, latin, mexican, word
moldovan	->	romanian, reflects, leu, golem, moldovan
dutch	->	dutch, english, translated, latin, french
norwegian	->	swedish, english, welsh, translated, word
peruvian	->	lima, latin, venezuela, el, meaning
polish	->	polish, old, latin, translated, meaning
portuguese	->	latin, translated, portuguese, spanish, de
russian	->	russian, meaning, old, century, latin
slovakian	->	slovak, hebrew, literally, wine, pronounced
spanish	->	spanish, latin, french, roman, conquest
swedish	->	translated, latin, english, hebrew, old
swiss	->	latin, translated, hebrew, pronounced, derived
thai	->	hebrew, wu, thai, sanskrit, chinese
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, romanian, oriental, word, anarchism
albanian	->	arabic, mythology, albanian, sanskrit, word
argentinean	->	spanish, latin, mexican, poets, vernacular
australian	->	english, known, america, new, referred
austrian	->	german, hungarian, roman, latin, english
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	latin, portuguese, native, paulo, translated
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, arabic, sanskrit, mythology, latin
cambodian	->	khmer, hebrew, translation, sanskrit, translations
chilean	->	el, spanish, colombia, latin, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, hebrew, japanese, modern, traditional
colombian	->	latin, nacional, el, bogot, republica
croatian	->	croatian, existentialism, slovak, chadian, arabic
danish	->	english, danish, latin, hebrew, name
egyptian	->	egyptian, hebrew, ancient, persian, arabic
english	->	english, old, welsh, bible, translated
french	->	french, english, translated, latin, de
indian	->	indian, chinese, century, colonists, native
irish	->	irish, welsh, scottish, english, gaelic
israeli	->	israeli, jewish, palestine, hebrew, arab
italian	->	italian, russian, latin, renaissance, german
japanese	->	japanese, pre, chinese, korean, late
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, chinese, seoul
macedonian	->	bulgarian, romanian, serbian, kazakh, russian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, whig, estonian, norwegian
mexican	->	mexican, colonists, native, spanish, americans
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, kazakh, belarusian, golem
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, english, french, danish
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, chemist, dutch
peruvian	->	lima, colonists, christi, kazakh, armada
polish	->	polish, russian, ukrainian, romanian, lithuanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, latin, colonists, spanish, italian
russian	->	russian, romanian, soviet, ukrainian, bulgarian
slovakian	->	slovak, romanian, czech, ukrainian, croatian
spanish	->	spanish, colonists, french, italian, portuguese
swedish	->	swedish, chemist, danish, prize, nobel
swiss	->	romanian, swiss, swedish, latin, colonists
thai	->	avestan, thai, punjabi, counterparts, korean
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, ruble, russian, ussr
albanian	->	albanian, bulgarian, serbian, romanian, kazakh
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, americans, afro
australian	->	australian, british, english, american, canadian
austrian	->	hungarian, german, russian, romanian, swedish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	portuguese, african, brazilian, italian, native
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, romanian, ukrainian, russian, belarusian
cambodian	->	khmer, romanian, finnish, liberian, colloquial
chilean	->	cuban, mexican, chilean, afro, argentine
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, colonists, greek
colombian	->	cuban, afro, lyric, latin, mexican
croatian	->	croatian, russian, serbo, bulgarian, romanian
danish	->	swedish, danish, hungarian, english, scandinavian
egyptian	->	greek, egyptian, ancient, persian, manuscript
english	->	english, welsh, scottish, irish, colonists
french	->	french, english, russian, colonists, dutch
german	->	german, russian, dutch, finnish, swedish
irish	->	irish, scottish, british, scots, canadian
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, arab, jewish, palestine
italian	->	italian, venice, spanish, french, sicily
japanese	->	japanese, british, chinese, american, mexican
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, vietnam, seoul, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, slavic, yugoslav, lithuanian, kazakh
maltese	->	norwegian, antarctic, maltese, guatemalan, grenada
mexican	->	mexican, americans, spanish, argentina, puerto
moldovan	->	guatemalan, latvian, gabon, kazakh, equatorial
dutch	->	dutch, zealand, norwegian, french, swedish
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, sweden, sardinia, nobel
peruvian	->	venezuela, lima, argentine, paraguay, uruguay
polish	->	polish, warsaw, lithuanian, asturias, russian
portuguese	->	spain, portuguese, castile, afonso, spanish
russian	->	russian, poland, soviet, war, polish
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, slovenian, croatian, slovenia
spanish	->	spanish, french, france, italian, mexican
swedish	->	prize, swedish, nobel, norwegian, norway
swiss	->	swiss, norwegian, sweden, swedish, prize
thai	->	vietnam, laos, cushitic, singapore, lanka
ukrainian	->	russia, warsaw, ignacy, elk, poland
albanian	->	albanian, albanians, serbian, armenian, slovak
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, americans, spanish, buenos
australian	->	australian, zealand, british, canadian, united
austrian	->	austrian, german, hungarian, polish, composer
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, argentine, mexican, african, argentina
bulgarian	->	albania, croatian, bulgarian, czech, russian
cambodian	->	laos, cambodian, vietnam, vietnamese, mongolian
chilean	->	argentine, mexican, argentina, chilean, luis
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, japan, asian
colombian	->	nacional, mexican, comoros, colombian, argentine
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, czech, slovak, andrei
danish	->	danish, norwegian, swedish, iceland, sweden
egyptian	->	egyptian, arab, ancient, persian, greek
english	->	scottish, british, english, scotland, irish
french	->	french, british, spanish, britain, d
german	->	german, war, polish, austrian, french
greek	->	turkish, greek, cyprus, hellenistic, egyptian
israeli	->	israeli, arab, jewish, palestinian, syrian
italian	->	italian, spanish, russian, german, french
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, pre, late
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, vietnam, chinese
macedonian	->	bulgarian, serbian, albanian, macedonian, slavic
maltese	->	maltese, whig, dipole, finnish, volunteers
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, americans, native, cuban
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, bolivian, kazakh, belarusian
dutch	->	dutch, french, english, italian, german
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, finnish, dutch
peruvian	->	lima, venezuela, paraguay, bolivia, peruvian
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, ukrainian, lithuanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, french, poet
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, bulgarian, romanian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, slovenian, croatian, czechoslovakia
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, portuguese, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, finnish, nobel, prize, hungarian
swiss	->	swiss, romanian, yiddish, finnish, dutch
thai	->	vietnamese, thai, novak, vietnam, filipino
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, russian, bulgarian, ussr
albanian	->	albanian, bulgarian, serbian, amerindian, slovak
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, americans, footballer
australian	->	australian, canadian, american, americans, english
austrian	->	hungarian, german, austrian, russian, czech
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, mexican, argentine, italian, portuguese
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, romanian, albanian, russian, czech
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, cambodian, laos, lao
chilean	->	argentine, cuban, mexican, costa, rica
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, iranian, vietnamese
colombian	->	cuban, mexican, ecuador, jorge, rica
croatian	->	croatian, czech, slovak, bulgarian, serbo
danish	->	danish, hungarian, swedish, scandinavian, finnish
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, arab, ancient
english	->	english, scottish, welsh, anglo, american
french	->	french, spanish, english, italian, dutch
german	->	german, russian, finnish, dutch, soviet
greek	->	greek, turkish, russian, finnish, bulgarian
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, danish, scandinavian, intermediates
italian	->	italian, german, france, turkish, germany
japanese	->	japanese, occupation, china, military, korean
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, seoul, vietnam, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, yugoslav, bulgarian, turkish, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, guatemalan, honduran, grenada, faroe
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, argentina, cuba, argentine
moldovan	->	guatemalan, bolivian, gabon, equatorial, honduran
dutch	->	dutch, belgium, luxembourg, flanders, zealand
norwegian	->	sweden, norwegian, swedish, denmark, netherlands
peruvian	->	paraguay, peruvian, argentina, venezuela, argentine
polish	->	polish, uprising, russian, lithuanian, warsaw
portuguese	->	spain, portuguese, france, navarre, faro
russian	->	soviet, russian, troops, germany, occupation
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, slovenia, czechoslovakia, pita
spanish	->	spanish, french, france, italian, portuguese
swedish	->	swedish, norway, denmark, danish, norwegian
swiss	->	swiss, sweden, belgium, brussels, veneto
thai	->	singapore, bangkok, vietnam, taiwan, vietnamese
ukrainian	->	ussr, russia, dmitry, romania, crimea
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kosovo, czech, slovak
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, chilean, spanish, colombian
australian	->	australian, zealand, british, canada, canadian
austrian	->	austrian, german, czech, hungarian, reunification
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, mexican, chilean, argentina, argentine
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, czech, croatian, czechoslovakia, albania
cambodian	->	cambodian, vietnamese, algerian, khmer, laos
chilean	->	chilean, costa, salvador, argentine, rica
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, japan, taiwan
colombian	->	guatemala, colombian, salvador, costa, rica
croatian	->	croatian, czech, serbo, eritrea, bosnia
danish	->	danish, swedish, luxembourg, iceland, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, turkish, occupation, afghanistan, syria
english	->	british, scotland, scottish, australian, britain
french	->	french, occupation, british, troops, spanish
german	->	german, nazi, occupation, soviet, austrian
greek	->	turkish, cyprus, military, occupation, indonesian
icelandic	->	faroe, malta, cyprus, faroese, denmark
indian	->	indian, subcontinent, china, korean, japan
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, mexican, indian, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, seoul, japanese
macedonian	->	bulgarian, serbian, yugoslav, romanian, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, belgian, whig, guatemalan, bahamian
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, portuguese, cuban, native
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, belarusian, golem, belgian
dutch	->	dutch, belgian, flemish, catalan, french
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, swiss, dutch
peruvian	->	mexican, argentine, jos, lima, peruvian
polish	->	polish, russian, ukrainian, romanian, hungarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, giovanni, french, belgian
russian	->	russian, romanian, bulgarian, soviet, ukrainian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, croatian, giacomo, romanian
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, belgian, mexican
swedish	->	swiss, swedish, nobel, prize, chemist
swiss	->	swiss, romanian, belgian, dutch, catalan
thai	->	filipino, hindi, urdu, singapore, catalan
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, bulgarian, russian, belarusian
albanian	->	albanian, bulgarian, serbian, croatian, romanian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, brazilian, chilean
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, american, canada
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, german, czech, composer
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, mexican, belgian, argentine
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, romanian, belarusian, croatian, czech
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, filipino, liberian, romanian
chilean	->	chilean, costa, mexican, argentine, cuban
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, asian
colombian	->	cuban, mexican, guatemala, costa, rica
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, czech, sided, bulgarian
danish	->	danish, swiss, hungarian, swedish, belgian
egyptian	->	egyptian, arabic, greek, arab, muslim
english	->	english, scottish, british, irish, canadian
french	->	french, spanish, belgian, english, writer
german	->	german, russian, dutch, french, austrian
greek	->	bulgarian, russian, greek, turkish, german
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, swedish, norwegian
indian	->	indian, chinese, japanese, native, african
irish	->	irish, english, scottish, canadian, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, vietnam, persian
macedonian	->	serbian, macedonian, bulgarian, slavic, arabic
maltese	->	maltese, danish, faroese, norwegian, phonology
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, native, americans, turkish
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, gabon, kazakh, serbian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, english, danish, german
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, polish, scots
peruvian	->	paraguay, armada, lima, argentine, venezuela
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, slavic, german
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, navarre, romance, italian
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, serbian, bulgarian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, serbian, koruna, hokku
spanish	->	spanish, portuguese, french, italian, turkish
swedish	->	swedish, danish, polish, finnish, hungarian
swiss	->	yiddish, romanian, finnish, swedish, german
thai	->	vietnamese, korean, wu, hindi, calligraphy
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, romanian, bulgarian, russian, serbian
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, bulgarian, arabic, albanians
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, mexican, armada, vietnamese
australian	->	australian, british, english, canadian, zealand
austrian	->	hungarian, german, austro, czech, austrian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, hindi, italian, angola
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, albanian, albania, romanian
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, cambodian, algerian, serbian
chilean	->	argentine, cuban, mexican, chilean, spanish
chinese	->	chinese, korean, vietnamese, turkish, arabic
colombian	->	calligraphy, turkish, guatemala, gabon, arabic
croatian	->	croatian, serbian, serbo, czech, slovak
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, german, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, arabic, persian, greek, turkish
english	->	english, welsh, old, irish, scottish
french	->	french, english, german, spanish, british
german	->	german, russian, nazi, finnish, hungarian
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, persian, serbian
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, danish, turkish, swedish
indian	->	chinese, indian, korean, hindi, arabic
irish	->	irish, welsh, english, scots, scottish
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, jewish, arab, hebrew
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, slavic, turkish, archaic
maltese	->	maltese, danish, malaysian, fijian, faroese
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, portuguese, native, argentine
moldovan	->	romanian, guinean, gabon, moldovan, bolivian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, german, danish, italian
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, denmark, sweden
peruvian	->	argentine, paraguay, spanish, argentina, mexican
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, german, warsaw
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, spain, afonso
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, germany, war
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, sad, croatian, dances
spanish	->	spanish, italian, portuguese, french, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, danish, prize, german, hungarian
swiss	->	swiss, phrases, german, swedish, finnish
thai	->	chinese, hindi, mandarin, cantonese, japanese
ukrainian	->	crimea, amber, russian, bulgarian, romanian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, turkish, croatian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, aires, italian
australian	->	australian, british, also, zealand, canadian
austrian	->	hungarian, german, austrian, austro, bavarian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	portuguese, brazilian, italian, argentine, spanish
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, blitzkrieg, croatian, serbian, russian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, russo, hindi, liberian
chilean	->	chilean, costa, argentine, cuban, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, traditional, turkish, cuisine
colombian	->	cuban, guatemala, costa, turkish, argentine
croatian	->	croatian, blitzkrieg, puck, serbo, slide
danish	->	danish, swedish, scandinavian, hungarian, german
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, turkish, greek, ancient
english	->	english, play, welsh, irish, famous
french	->	french, german, spanish, italian, english
german	->	german, nazi, loanwords, russian, finnish
greek	->	turkish, greek, egyptian, persian, german
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, faroe, danish, greenland
indian	->	chinese, indian, japanese, cuisine, traditional
irish	->	irish, english, welsh, folk, scottish
israeli	->	israeli, jewish, egyptian, chinese, palestinian
italian	->	italian, german, spanish, turkish, renaissance
maltese	->	maltese, cornish, tripartite, compendium, forum
mexican	->	mexican, asian, spain, usa, independence
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, poster, albanian, chechnya
dutch	->	dutch, england, amsterdam, fortran, nederland
norwegian	->	sweden, denmark, crowned, netherlands, thunderbolt
peruvian	->	quail, paraguay, sheikh, tunisia, venezuela
polish	->	polish, jews, uprisings, protestant, catholic
portuguese	->	aragon, spain, catherine, vii, navarre
russian	->	protestant, declared, germany, catholic, poland
slovakian	->	merry, slovenia, ethiopian, slovak, budapest
spanish	->	catholic, declared, roman, spanish, catalan
swedish	->	denmark, kurdish, crowned, england, norway
swiss	->	cantons, sweden, linz, swiss, munich
thai	->	singapore, wu, fortran, taiwan, kurdish
ukrainian	->	alexandrian, ussr, tunisia, ethiopia, bulgarians
albanian	->	albanian, albanians, ethiopian, somali, serbian
argentinean	->	buenos, independence, asian, mexican, spain
australian	->	zealand, australian, sydney, publishers, england
austrian	->	austrian, bavaria, hungarian, habsburg, budapest
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	asian, morocco, nation, african, minority
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, albanian, bulgarians, ethiopian, albania
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, wu, kurdish, analects
chilean	->	morocco, argentina, peso, franco, chilean
chinese	->	chinese, tibetan, taiwan, japanese, asian
colombian	->	laos, salvadoran, basque, ecuador, revival
croatian	->	ethiopian, croatian, ballroom, slovenia, serbo
danish	->	sweden, danish, tudor, crowned, england
egyptian	->	israel, arab, egyptian, jerusalem, temple
english	->	scotland, scottish, henry, mary, patriots
french	->	england, french, protestant, spain, catholic
german	->	nazi, german, protestant, hitler, munich
greek	->	ancient, pagan, hellenistic, roman, albanian
icelandic	->	denmark, faroese, kurdish, ninja, liechtenstein
indian	->	asian, china, tibetan, chinese, buddhism
irish	->	irish, scottish, welsh, england, scotland
israeli	->	palestinian, palestinians, israeli, jewish, jews
italian	->	italian, spain, protestant, germany, catholic
japanese	->	japanese, china, chinese, motorcycle, asian
mexican	->	mexican, native, spanish, el, burmese
moldovan	->	romanian, belarusian, guinean, ag, glagolitic
dutch	->	dutch, spoken, fortran, catalan, ter
norwegian	->	swedish, sweden, kaiser, trondheim, mustafa
peruvian	->	alla, venezuela, el, paraguay, uruguay
polish	->	polish, slavic, yiddish, hungarian, ukrainian
portuguese	->	afonso, empress, portuguese, surnames, maria
russian	->	russian, semitic, yiddish, slavic, communist
slovakian	->	lysine, slovak, amor, burmese, jin
spanish	->	spanish, latin, portuguese, italian, franco
swedish	->	swedish, switzerland, surnames, kurdish, flute
swiss	->	swiss, eth, latin, yiddish, ag
thai	->	wu, mandarin, burmese, novak, lanka
ukrainian	->	yiddish, pet, ruby, semitic, pigs
albanian	->	arabic, albanian, amerindian, berber, syriac
argentinean	->	burmese, mexican, argentine, spanish, buenos
australian	->	australian, club, native, america, zealand
austrian	->	hungarian, austro, habsburg, wilhelm, fortran
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, paulo, rio, hindi, attested
bulgarian	->	arabic, bulgarian, syriac, belarusian, slavic
cambodian	->	khmer, wu, burmese, mongolian, berber
chilean	->	han, el, costa, burmese, salvador
chinese	->	chinese, mandarin, japanese, han, semitic
colombian	->	el, burmese, colombian, afro, costa
croatian	->	croatian, zagreb, sided, slovakian, corelli
danish	->	swedish, danish, scandinavian, hungarian, claudian
egyptian	->	arabic, persian, hebrew, egyptian, syriac
english	->	welsh, english, saxon, alongside, anglo
french	->	french, spanish, latin, translated, la
german	->	german, nazi, latin, semitic, italian
greek	->	arabic, greek, turkish, persian, latin
icelandic	->	faroese, icelandic, julio, aleut, chadic
indian	->	chinese, han, indian, china, asian
irish	->	irish, welsh, spoken, english, native
israeli	->	hebrew, israeli, palestinian, semitic, berber
italian	->	italian, latin, spanish, romance, renaissance
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, china, han, korean
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, chinese, berber, vietnam
moldovan	->	romanian, chilean, guatemalan, kyrgyz, kazakh
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, austrian, hendrik, norwegian
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, gustaf, danish, fredrik
peruvian	->	argentine, colombian, chilean, ecuadorian, peruvian
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, ukrainian, fredrik
portuguese	->	emperors, ruler, afonso, tenn, painter
russian	->	russian, soviet, ussr, ukrainian, communist
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, koruna, czechoslovakia, karel
spanish	->	spanish, italian, emperors, painter, french
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, hungarian, polish, danish
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, violinist, finnish, romanian
thai	->	shogun, thai, vietnamese, wu, burmese
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, ussr, dmitry, vladimir, boris
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, albanians, slovak, czech
argentinean	->	argentine, chilean, colombian, ecuadorian, brazilian
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, american, zealand
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, austro, czech, habsburg
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, chilean, argentine, colombian, italian
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, czech, boris, croatian
cambodian	->	cambodian, khmer, vietnamese, algerian, insurgents
chilean	->	chilean, colombian, argentine, cuban, menace
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, martial, turkish
colombian	->	colombian, chilean, argentine, ecuadorian, bongo
croatian	->	croatian, czech, slovak, andrei, serbian
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, norwegian, austrian
egyptian	->	egyptian, syrian, turkish, libyan, israeli
english	->	scottish, british, nobles, king, actor
french	->	french, writer, composer, british, italian
german	->	german, nazi, austrian, russian, hungarian
greek	->	turkish, egyptian, serbian, russian, hungarian
icelandic	->	ninja, julio, faroe, icelandic, faroese
indian	->	indian, chinese, japanese, martial, korean
irish	->	irish, scottish, british, munster, singers
israeli	->	israeli, syrian, lebanese, palestinian, rebel
italian	->	italian, composer, russian, turkish, fascist
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, martial, emperors, shogun
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, japanese, chinese, vietnam
macedonian	->	serbian, yugoslav, bulgarian, macedonian, kazakh
dutch	->	dutch, dialects, flemish, welsh, scottish
norwegian	->	scottish, swedish, welsh, scots, gaelic
peruvian	->	yemen, ipswich, conquistador, dakota, judi
polish	->	polish, scottish, clergyman, slavic, russian
portuguese	->	afonso, scottish, hotham, aragon, clergyman
russian	->	russian, protestant, clergyman, scottish, german
slovakian	->	clergyman, koruna, bavarian, slovak, lappic
spanish	->	spanish, dutch, colonists, settled, dialects
swedish	->	scottish, clergyman, welsh, swedish, gaelic
swiss	->	swiss, clergyman, linguist, theologian, italic
thai	->	clergyman, isolates, caucasian, tagalog, hui
ukrainian	->	clergyman, ruble, rubidium, rhodesia, ukrainian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, macedonian, bulgarian, slavic
argentinean	->	footballer, argentine, irish, spanish, mexican
australian	->	scottish, australian, welsh, zealand, british
austrian	->	bavarian, austrian, hungarian, austro, linguist
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	native, languages, footballer, dutch, spoken
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, romanian, slavic, albanian
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, hui, ireann, mailer
chilean	->	mexican, spanish, footballer, argentine, peso
chinese	->	chinese, korean, indo, japanese, iranian
colombian	->	colombian, afro, cypriot, irish, mexican
croatian	->	serbo, croatian, zagreb, serbian, estonian
danish	->	danish, scottish, linguist, swedish, clergyman
egyptian	->	egyptian, arabic, greek, syriac, persian
english	->	scottish, welsh, clergyman, english, william
french	->	french, english, dutch, d, irish
german	->	german, dutch, dialects, protestant, speaking
greek	->	dialect, greek, macedonian, dialects, germanic
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, danish, goidelic, gaelic
indian	->	indian, chinese, native, scottish, indo
irish	->	irish, scottish, welsh, gaelic, scots
israeli	->	israeli, palestinians, palestinian, israelites, aryans
italian	->	dutch, italian, german, dialects, speaking
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, scottish, korean, pre
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, goidelic, welsh, clergyman
macedonian	->	macedonian, serbian, slavic, bulgarian, dialect
maltese	->	maltese, goidelic, dtd, danish, ugric
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, german, finnish
peruvian	->	portuguese, spanish, argentine, armada, lima
polish	->	polish, russian, german, hungarian, bulgarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, french, russian
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, bulgarian, hungarian
slovakian	->	czech, slovak, hungarian, bulgarian, croatian
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, italian, german
swedish	->	swedish, german, danish, hungarian, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, german, romanian, italian, finnish
thai	->	korean, vietnamese, hindi, chinese, japanese
ukrainian	->	russian, romanian, bulgarian, ukrainian, ruble
albanian	->	albanian, bulgarian, serbian, russian, hungarian
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, mexican, portuguese, italian
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, indian, english
austrian	->	german, hungarian, russian, austrian, italian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	portuguese, brazilian, italian, african, native
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, russian, romanian, albanian, serbian
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, cambodian, korean, liberian
chilean	->	argentine, chilean, spanish, mexican, cuban
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, iranian
colombian	->	cuban, mexican, spanish, argentine, equatorial
croatian	->	croatian, russian, bulgarian, hungarian, czech
danish	->	danish, german, hungarian, swedish, scandinavian
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, greek, arabic, ancient
english	->	english, british, irish, scottish, german
french	->	french, german, spanish, english, italian
german	->	german, russian, french, soviet, italian
greek	->	greek, russian, german, persian, turkish
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, swedish, norwegian
indian	->	indian, chinese, japanese, korean, native
irish	->	irish, english, british, scottish, welsh
israeli	->	israeli, arab, descent, syrian, jewish
italian	->	italian, german, russian, spanish, french
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, indian, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, seoul, chinese
macedonian	->	bulgarian, serbian, russian, slavic, yugoslav
maltese	->	maltese, danish, norwegian, finnish, hungarian
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, native, portuguese, americans
peruvian	->	argentine, ecuadorian, afro, peruvian, armada
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, german, lithuanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, italian, spanish, french, poet
russian	->	russian, german, finnish, soviet, italian
slovakian	->	croatian, czech, slovak, serbian, hungarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, portuguese, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, danish, swiss, finnish, german
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, italian, finnish, german
thai	->	thai, hindi, mongolian, afro, asiatic
ukrainian	->	romanian, russian, ukrainian, bulgarian, croatian
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, croatian, bulgarian, mestizo
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, italian, mexican, afro
australian	->	canadian, australian, british, indian, danish
austrian	->	hungarian, german, austrian, italian, composer
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, italian, portuguese, argentine, afro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, croatian, russian, romanian
cambodian	->	cambodian, khmer, liberian, fang, mort
chilean	->	argentine, chilean, cuban, brazilian, afro
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, indian, korean, turkish
colombian	->	jorge, nacional, afro, ecuadorian, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, serbian, czech, russian
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, german, finnish
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, turkish, syrian, arabic
english	->	english, scottish, british, french, irish
french	->	french, italian, german, writer, spanish
german	->	german, russian, italian, french, finnish
greek	->	turkish, greek, egyptian, danish, russian
icelandic	->	danish, icelandic, faroese, swedish, turkish
indian	->	indian, chinese, japanese, cuisine, egyptian
irish	->	irish, scottish, canadian, english, british
israeli	->	israeli, syrian, lebanese, egyptian, jewish
italian	->	italian, german, french, russian, spanish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, indian, french, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, finnish, chinese, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, russian, yugoslav, romanian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, whig, guatemalan, bahamian
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, italian, french, argentine
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, guatemalan, reflects, bolivian
polish	->	polish, lithuanian, parliamentarian, austrian, nobility
portuguese	->	monarchs, michaux, portuguese, loyalists, philip
russian	->	russian, soviet, nazi, german, nazism
slovakian	->	malwa, whisky, neonatal, czech, suevi
spanish	->	loyalists, spanish, huguenots, belgian, french
swedish	->	swedish, danish, krone, norwegian, denmark
swiss	->	swiss, krone, clad, swedish, bolton
thai	->	kuan, tan, wu, cortisol, vs
ukrainian	->	elk, adolph, anarchists, corporatism, repressions
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, albanians, migr, maldivian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, chilean, parliamentarian, ecuadorian
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, american, zealand
austrian	->	austrian, bavaria, german, hungarian, eduard
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	belgian, rican, brazilian, chilean, portuguese
bulgarian	->	nazism, fascism, albanian, corporatism, herzegovina
cambodian	->	cambodian, liberian, cortisol, malwa, grahame
chilean	->	chilean, rican, cuban, camra, arturo
chinese	->	nationalism, immigration, chinese, japanese, prc
colombian	->	ecuadorian, guatemalan, colombian, cuban, chilean
croatian	->	croatian, fascism, serbo, herzegovina, ideology
danish	->	danish, krone, swedish, norwegian, austrian
egyptian	->	egyptian, jordanian, turkish, syrian, israeli
english	->	british, henry, scottish, william, canadian
french	->	french, british, belgian, huguenots, riviera
german	->	german, nazi, austrian, nazism, danish
greek	->	turkish, nazism, cyprus, danish, nationalism
icelandic	->	danish, icelandic, princes, malwa, krone
indian	->	indian, immigration, colonialism, british, colonial
irish	->	irish, scottish, british, canadian, jordanian
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, syrian, palestinian, jordanian
italian	->	italian, german, norwegian, turkish, swedish
japanese	->	japanese, british, loyalists, canadian, immigration
korean	->	korean, nationalism, kuan, nationalists, jordanian
macedonian	->	parliamentarian, serbian, migr, albanian, ideology
maltese	->	maltese, gozo, guatemalan, parliamentarian, bahamian
mexican	->	mexican, rican, loyalists, belgian, puerto
moldovan	->	bolivian, guatemalan, scandals, moldovan, alain
dutch	->	danish, belgian, dutch, austrian, swedish
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, french, overseas
russian	->	russian, german, soviet, lithuanian, romanian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, commonwealth, hungarian, croatian
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, portuguese, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, danish, prize, nobel, norwegian
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, german, romanian, italian
thai	->	tamil, thai, wu, kurdish, hindi
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, russian, belarusian, bulgarian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, czech, turkish
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, italian, armada
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, canada, commonwealth
austrian	->	german, hungarian, austrian, czech, italian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, italian, portuguese, mexican, argentine
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, albanian, romanian, czech, belarusian
cambodian	->	cambodian, liberian, khmer, liberia, albanian
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, mexican, costa, rica
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, egyptian, turkish
colombian	->	nacional, colombian, mexican, guatemala, rica
croatian	->	croatian, czech, herzegovina, slovak, bosnia
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, german, icelandic
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, turkish, ancient
english	->	english, british, irish, french, welsh
french	->	french, italian, german, british, spanish
german	->	german, nazi, french, italian, russian
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, german, icelandic
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, swedish, faroese, norwegian
indian	->	indian, japanese, chinese, egyptian, korean
irish	->	irish, english, british, canadian, welsh
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, jewish, egyptian, arab
italian	->	italian, french, german, spanish, swedish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, british, pre, french
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, seoul, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, lithuanian, albanian, bulgarian, castilian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, norwegian, guatemalan, athenian
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, french, italian, americans
moldovan	->	romanian, lithuanian, moldovan, kyrgyz, belarusian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, french, danish, german
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, sweden, denmark
russian	->	russian, soviet, bulgarian, german, communist
slovakian	->	czech, slovak, croatian, bulgarian, yugoslav
spanish	->	spanish, italian, french, dutch, settlers
swedish	->	dutch, danish, swedish, german, finnish
swiss	->	dutch, speaking, italian, swiss, german
thai	->	hindi, iranian, liberia, korean, tamil
ukrainian	->	bulgarian, romanian, russian, ruble, slavic
albanian	->	albanian, bulgarian, serbian, yugoslav, macedonia
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, angola, mexican, armada
australian	->	australian, canada, canadian, british, african
austrian	->	german, hungarian, dutch, italian, bulgarian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, angola, african, spanish, janeiro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, albanian, yugoslav, albania, macedonia
cambodian	->	liberia, liberian, khmer, cambodian, albanian
chilean	->	costa, rica, cuban, chilean, spanish
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, iranian, indian
colombian	->	costa, equatorial, cuban, rica, angola
croatian	->	croatian, yugoslav, eritrea, bulgarian, chadian
danish	->	danish, scandinavian, dutch, swedish, german
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, greek, arabic, turkish
english	->	english, dutch, british, irish, french
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, italian, german
german	->	german, dutch, russian, italian, soviet
greek	->	turkish, greek, egyptian, macedonia, bulgarian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, greenland, malta, fiji
indian	->	indian, native, chinese, african, colonial
irish	->	irish, british, native, english, speaking
israeli	->	israeli, arab, egyptian, syrian, descent
italian	->	italian, spanish, german, dutch, french
japanese	->	japanese, indian, chinese, korean, dutch
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, chinese, iranian
macedonian	->	yugoslav, bulgarian, serbian, slavic, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, grenada, honduran, bolivian, fijian
mexican	->	spanish, native, mexican, cuba, angola
moldovan	->	equatorial, bolivian, moldovan, romanian, guinean
dutch	->	dutch, spanish, french, speaking, spoken
norwegian	->	danish, norwegian, swedish, dutch, greenland
peruvian	->	angola, spanish, equatorial, armada, cuba
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, croatian, hungarian, romanian
spanish	->	spanish, italian, french, portuguese, mexican
swedish	->	swedish, polish, finnish, norwegian, hungarian
swiss	->	italian, swiss, romanian, finnish, german
thai	->	tamil, thai, korean, hindi, vietnamese
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, bulgarian, belarusian, vladimir
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, croatian, slovak
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, italian, brazilian
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, english, american
austrian	->	hungarian, german, italian, austrian, polish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, italian, argentine, portuguese, mexican
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, romanian, serbian, croatian, belarusian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, liberian, finnish, serbian
chilean	->	argentine, chilean, mexican, costa, cuban
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, turkish, iranian
colombian	->	nacional, argentine, mexican, cuban, guatemala
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, czech, serbian, bulgarian
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, norwegian, german
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, arabic, turkish
english	->	english, french, scottish, british, irish
french	->	french, italian, spanish, german, polish
german	->	german, italian, finnish, polish, french
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, finnish, italian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, swedish, norwegian, turkish
indian	->	indian, chinese, japanese, korean, italian
irish	->	irish, english, scottish, welsh, british
israeli	->	israeli, egyptian, jewish, arab, palestinian
italian	->	italian, spanish, german, french, turkish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, italian, french
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, chinese, finnish
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, castilian, yugoslav, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, norwegian, danish, guatemalan, finnish
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, italian, argentine, portuguese
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, belarusian, gabon, bulgarian
dutch	->	dutch, italian, french, german, swedish
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, polish, finnish
peruvian	->	argentine, castilian, mexican, spanish, armada
polish	->	polish, hungarian, lithuanian, german, ukrainian
spanish	->	spanish, procopius, que, tuscan, sicily
swedish	->	crafoord, bos, neuroscientist, biochemist, std
swiss	->	bacteriologist, que, swiss, bos, crafoord
thai	->	mezzo, ter, odi, littoral, enciclopedia
ukrainian	->	annex, amistad, qa, microbiologist, bacillus
albanian	->	spitz, bg, insurgent, polski, unsorted
argentinean	->	argentine, brazilian, buenos, cession, ola
australian	->	australian, brazilian, cricket, lan, usn
austrian	->	austrian, neuroscientist, habsburgs, hm, swiss
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, fide, rio, krishnan, microbiologist
bulgarian	->	fide, cassini, cosmonauts, autobahn, annex
cambodian	->	volker, reiches, insurgents, tuamotu, bowers
chilean	->	fide, bona, brazilian, chilean, que
chinese	->	usn, settlements, chinese, israeli, japanese
colombian	->	que, nacional, colombian, fide, brazilian
croatian	->	ethnomusicologist, annex, maximilien, cassini, weir
danish	->	krone, usn, bos, usmc, danish
egyptian	->	usn, arabs, pharaohs, egyptian, ad
english	->	supercar, revolt, redoutable, class, anglo
french	->	french, fuerza, que, irrigated, philippe
german	->	german, neuroscientist, swiss, nazi, usn
greek	->	usn, submarine, ionian, parthian, turkish
icelandic	->	usn, mews, usmc, bos, algebras
indian	->	indian, han, usn, subcontinent, brazilian
irish	->	guardia, morrill, settlements, pisan, mews
israeli	->	israeli, usn, palestinian, palestinians, rovers
italian	->	sicily, tuscan, anterselva, parthian, fide
japanese	->	usn, harrier, japanese, samurai, aerospace
korean	->	usn, krav, warplanes, cheng, odi
macedonian	->	bg, castilian, nl, sm, flavio
maltese	->	weil, maltese, ietf, tomasz, pazzi
mexican	->	brazilian, mexican, que, aam, racehorse
moldovan	->	maffei, borel, chilean, guatemalan, whaling
dutch	->	que, dutch, regno, bunge, bos
norwegian	->	bos, harrier, usn, crafoord, jespersen
peruvian	->	wal, freese, gaspard, que, mart
polish	->	polish, alhonen, procopius, ssc, ignacy
portuguese	->	que, procopius, pontus, afonso, forza
swedish	->	swedish, danish, dutch, hungarian, english
swiss	->	swiss, italian, dutch, romanian, finnish
thai	->	hindi, vietnamese, korean, urdu, vietnam
ukrainian	->	romanian, bulgarian, russian, georgia, ukrainian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, yugoslav, arabic
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, armada, portuguese, angola
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, canada, english
austrian	->	hungarian, german, italian, czech, austrian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	portuguese, brazilian, costa, angola, paulo
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, albania, yugoslav, albanian, serbian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, liberian, vietnamese, liberia
chilean	->	costa, rica, argentine, chilean, cuban
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, iranian, egyptian
colombian	->	guatemala, nacional, costa, rica, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, czech, chadian, eritrea, serbo
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, english, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, greek, arabic, turkish
english	->	english, irish, british, old, french
french	->	french, english, italian, portuguese, dutch
german	->	german, russian, italian, french, dutch
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, persian, macedonia
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, danish, turkish, faroe
indian	->	indian, chinese, korean, native, japanese
irish	->	irish, english, british, canadian, wolfhound
israeli	->	israeli, egyptian, syrian, arab, arabic
italian	->	italian, portuguese, french, german, turkish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, indian, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, seoul, japanese
macedonian	->	yugoslav, serbian, bulgarian, castilian, greek
maltese	->	maltese, danish, creole, malaysian, grenada
mexican	->	mexican, native, portuguese, costa, cuba
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, gabon, equatorial, bolivian
dutch	->	dutch, french, portuguese, english, italian
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, dutch, finnish
peruvian	->	venezuela, colombia, armada, paraguay, argentine
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, bulgarian, lithuanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, italian, french, de, latin
russian	->	russian, soviet, bulgarian, german, republic
swiss	->	swiss, norwegian, danish, german, finnish
thai	->	japanese, afro, korean, iranian, howitzer
ukrainian	->	russian, romanian, ukrainian, ussr, bulgarian
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, turkish, croatian, bulgarian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, turkish, afro
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, danish, indian
austrian	->	hungarian, german, austrian, danish, russian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, italian, argentine, afro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, croatian, russian, czech
cambodian	->	liberian, cambodian, liberia, serbian, khmer
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, cuban, brazilian, afro
chinese	->	japanese, chinese, turkish, korean, indian
colombian	->	afro, turkish, cuban, colombian, chilean
croatian	->	croatian, serbo, serbian, czech, hungarian
danish	->	danish, norwegian, hungarian, icelandic, german
egyptian	->	egyptian, turkish, greek, persian, arabic
english	->	british, english, scottish, german, dutch
french	->	french, british, german, italian, russian
german	->	german, russian, danish, italian, hungarian
greek	->	turkish, greek, egyptian, danish, russian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, faroese, turkish
indian	->	indian, japanese, chinese, consisted, british
irish	->	irish, british, danish, scottish, english
israeli	->	israeli, egyptian, lebanese, syrian, turkish
italian	->	italian, german, turkish, russian, norwegian
japanese	->	japanese, british, chinese, indian, navy
korean	->	korean, japanese, vietnamese, chinese, finnish
macedonian	->	serbian, turkish, russian, yugoslav, bulgarian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, norwegian, fijian, malaysian
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, portuguese, turkish, italian
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, guinean, ghana, bolivian
dutch	->	dutch, danish, norwegian, german, italian
norwegian	->	norwegian, danish, icelandic, aleut, krone
peruvian	->	argentine, afro, peruvian, portuguese, mexican
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, german, norwegian
portuguese	->	portuguese, italian, spanish, norwegian, russian
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, hungarian, finnish
slovakian	->	czech, croatian, hungarian, slovak, serbian
thai	->	filipino, warlord, shogun, politician, wang
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, russian, businessman, gottlieb, kiev
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, resident, czech, hungarian
argentinean	->	mexican, argentine, chilean, brazilian, painter
australian	->	canadian, australian, british, american, indian
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, german, composer, architect
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, chilean, mexican, belgian, italian
bulgarian	->	czech, croatian, ukrainian, austrian, russian
cambodian	->	cambodian, khmer, liberian, falconer, architect
chilean	->	chilean, mexican, brazilian, colombian, juan
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, indian, canadian, israeli
colombian	->	colombian, chilean, mexican, jorge, salvadoran
croatian	->	croatian, austrian, czech, andrei, hungarian
danish	->	danish, austrian, swedish, hungarian, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, historian, syrian, israeli, founder
english	->	scottish, british, william, canadian, writer
french	->	french, british, writer, d, german
german	->	german, austrian, nazi, hungarian, von
greek	->	historian, german, danish, austrian, turkish
icelandic	->	danish, icelandic, norwegian, swedish, faroe
indian	->	indian, founder, chinese, british, japanese
irish	->	scottish, irish, british, canadian, howard
israeli	->	israeli, syrian, lebanese, palestinian, jewish
italian	->	italian, german, composer, austrian, french
japanese	->	japanese, british, indian, chinese, pioneer
korean	->	korean, japanese, politician, chinese, vietnamese
macedonian	->	serbian, russian, kazakh, bulgarian, hungarian
maltese	->	danish, bahamian, bloch, maltese, norwegian
mexican	->	mexican, politician, american, belgian, brazilian
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, guatemalan, golem, chilean
dutch	->	dutch, austrian, danish, belgian, architect
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, austrian, chemist
peruvian	->	mexican, jos, juan, argentine, alberto
polish	->	polish, austrian, hungarian, russian, german
portuguese	->	b, d, painter, inventor, composer
russian	->	russian, german, austrian, soviet, eight
slovakian	->	czech, hungarian, slovak, croatian, politician
spanish	->	french, italian, spanish, austrian, painter
ukrainian	->	thoroughbred, muay, hellenic, balloon, brigade
albanian	->	chauvinism, hellenic, egyptian, bulgarian, mestizo
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, chilean, championships, brazilian
australian	->	canadian, australian, association, curling, sport
austrian	->	hungarian, italian, armies, renaissance, painters
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, mexican, argentine, chilean, muay
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, hellenic, muay, herzegovina, unification
cambodian	->	muay, khmer, lawmakers, guides, castilian
chilean	->	chilean, cuban, argentine, costa, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, muay, japanese, martial, thoroughbred
colombian	->	muay, nacional, caldera, vega, cuban
croatian	->	bicycle, herzegovina, puck, surf, hockey
danish	->	curling, danish, hockey, skating, icelandic
egyptian	->	egyptian, traced, greek, ancient, brigade
english	->	victorian, bath, brigade, medieval, british
french	->	french, fleet, italian, british, brigade
german	->	german, heavy, luftwaffe, fleet, cavalry
greek	->	egyptian, hellenic, greek, hellenistic, armies
icelandic	->	icelandic, curling, skating, gendarmerie, surf
indian	->	indian, muay, chinese, martial, thoroughbred
irish	->	irish, canadian, brigade, british, scottish
israeli	->	egyptian, syrian, israeli, traced, guard
italian	->	renaissance, italian, armies, painters, french
japanese	->	japanese, martial, thoroughbred, fighter, chinese
korean	->	muay, korean, hellenic, academies, kickboxing
macedonian	->	hellenic, castilian, jedi, czechoslovakian, bulgarian
maltese	->	curling, brigade, maltese, outfit, lawmakers
mexican	->	mexican, cuban, aviators, los, spanish
moldovan	->	outfit, guatemalan, mot, flashing, rhead
dutch	->	dutch, painters, belgian, french, renaissance
norwegian	->	knights, norwegian, painters, swedish, navy
peruvian	->	muay, waxing, nebula, fading, flashing
polish	->	polish, knights, brigade, teutonic, russian
portuguese	->	portuguese, painters, italian, medici, spanish
russian	->	russian, soviet, army, armies, brigade
slovakian	->	muay, slovak, hockey, highlanders, skate
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, painters, renaissance
swedish	->	curling, knights, swedish, hockey, olympic
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, czech, slovak
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, italian, french, spanish
australian	->	canadian, australian, british, flemish, english
austrian	->	austrian, composer, hungarian, czech, german
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, italian, mexican, french, argentine
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, romanian, czech, serbian, croatian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, lao, literacy, algerian
chilean	->	mexican, argentine, chilean, brazilian, colombian
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, martial, french, cinema
colombian	->	nacional, colombian, marseillaise, mexican, bogot
croatian	->	croatian, czech, serbo, slovak, serbian
danish	->	danish, swedish, swiss, polish, hungarian
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, arabic, turkish, syriac
english	->	english, french, scottish, irish, welsh
french	->	french, italian, writer, polish, composer
german	->	german, french, italian, polish, russian
greek	->	greek, turkish, polish, italian, bulgarian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, honorifics, faroese, swedish
indian	->	indian, chinese, martial, japanese, rabbi
irish	->	irish, scottish, welsh, english, french
israeli	->	israeli, jewish, palestinian, lebanese, syrian
italian	->	italian, french, composer, polish, composers
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, martial, french, italian
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, chinese, japanese, socratic
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, romanian, macedonian, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, guatemalan, bahamian, royalty, aristocrat
mexican	->	mexican, french, spanish, italian, brazilian
moldovan	->	romanian, belarusian, moldovan, guatemalan, kazakh
dutch	->	dutch, flemish, french, italian, swiss
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, polish, danish, swiss
peruvian	->	mexican, argentine, marquis, neoplatonist, aristocrat
polish	->	polish, russian, lithuanian, slovenian, czech
portuguese	->	italian, french, painter, sculptor, portuguese
russian	->	russian, polish, romanian, bulgarian, german
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, koruna, slovenian, croatian
spanish	->	french, italian, spanish, painter, huguenots
swedish	->	polish, swedish, swiss, flemish, georges
swiss	->	swiss, romanian, italian, georges, flemish
