Number of top1 is 837 out of 1521 (55%)
Number of top5 is 1156 out of 1521 (76%)
argentinean	->	spanish, argentine, buenos, aires, mexican
australian	->	australian, zealand, british, canadian, irish
austrian	->	austrian, nobility, german, hungarian, reunification
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	argentina, populations, brazilian, indigenous, janeiro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, romanian, croatian, bosnian
cambodian	->	khmer, cambodian, rouge, vietnamese, kuomintang
chilean	->	spanish, cuba, argentina, salvador, chilean
chinese	->	chinese, authorities, vietnamese, nationalists, turkish
colombian	->	salvadoran, costa, colombian, ecuador, guatemala
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, serbian, serbia, bosnian
danish	->	danish, swedish, scandinavian, nobility, minority
egyptian	->	arabs, arab, israeli, invaders, authorities
english	->	patriots, scottish, english, british, irish
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, authorities, spain
german	->	german, reunification, union, minority, germans
greek	->	turkish, bulgarian, serbian, macedonian, cyprus
icelandic	->	faroese, icelandic, kurdish, danish, malta
indian	->	indian, east, indigenous, colonial, minority
irish	->	irish, local, scottish, minority, gaelic
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, palestinians, arab, palestine
italian	->	spanish, turkish, spain, dutch, franco
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, china, asian, british
korean	->	vietnamese, korean, seoul, nationalists, koreans
macedonian	->	serbian, macedonian, bulgarian, macedonians, minority
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, minority, greens, breton
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, indigenous, immigrants, nationalists
moldovan	->	moldovan, romanian, bolivian, provisional, guatemalan
dutch	->	dutch, flemish, speaking, basques, indies
norwegian	->	swedish, denmark, sweden, norwegian, zealand
peruvian	->	paraguay, argentina, lima, nicaragua, peruvian
polish	->	polish, minority, mennonites, lithuanian, transnistria
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, spain, possessions, monarchs
russian	->	russian, soviet, union, authorities, soviets
slovakian	->	bulgarian, slovak, bavarian, kurdish, belfast
spanish	->	spanish, nationalists, franco, authorities, rebels
swedish	->	swedish, polish, loans, flemish, dutch
swiss	->	brussels, merchants, swiss, minority, predominantly
thai	->	vietnamese, caucasian, taiwan, korea, lanka
australian	->	privatised, nrc, leyland, komeito, ibc
austrian	->	chancellery, infidel, austrian, liberates, danann
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	kdf, equato, ohr, ibc, rentenmark
bulgarian	->	chancellery, hussite, kdf, aaronic, fulfils
cambodian	->	equato, zhuhai, byelorussian, krajina, genoshan
chilean	->	rentenmark, assailant, salvadoran, equato, psoe
chinese	->	privatised, equato, ruc, rentenmark, lddc
colombian	->	equato, salvadoran, ivorian, antonov, investigatory
croatian	->	infidel, altruist, ezln, fulfils, epicycle
danish	->	rentenmark, seimas, seleucids, upstanding, krone
egyptian	->	assailant, bakesperson, privatised, altruist, rentenmark
english	->	upstanding, caledonian, privatised, targaryen, altarpiece
french	->	privatised, chretien, electromotive, berlusconi, infidel
german	->	privatised, chancellery, kdf, misurasata, liberates
greek	->	privatised, infidel, cmf, altruist, ogpu
icelandic	->	rentenmark, riksdag, wardens, eduskunta, demesne
indian	->	privatised, davidians, rupee, leyland, kdf
irish	->	privatised, nominates, akim, corrino, upstanding
israeli	->	assailant, amora, israeli, farragut, electromotive
italian	->	infidel, privatised, ogpu, cmf, parisians
japanese	->	privatised, emb, electromotive, rentenmark, nrc
korean	->	privatised, rcmp, vgik, kirghiz, ogpu
macedonian	->	altruist, phalangist, batavian, khaganate, czechoslovakian
maltese	->	charterer, eduskunta, mvd, adema, ukusa
mexican	->	assailant, rentenmark, nrc, interviewer, ixian
moldovan	->	fulfils, equato, kdf, investigatory, iau
dutch	->	rentenmark, brigadists, nederlandse, infidel, dail
norwegian	->	rentenmark, nynorsk, godfred, upstanding, objectified
peruvian	->	assailant, sandrider, unstoppable, outcast, apq
polish	->	hussite, monophysites, zygmunt, rentenmark, yorkist
portuguese	->	akim, ostrogoth, chola, mercian, corrino
russian	->	privatised, kdf, zygmunt, chancellery, iau
slovakian	->	ussher, koruna, ostrogoth, chancellery, fulfils
spanish	->	assailant, maquis, seleucids, privatised, pasok
swedish	->	rentenmark, chalmers, upstanding, chf, iau
swiss	->	iau, rentenmark, chancellery, chf, infidel
thai	->	olmert, objectified, unfashionable, anarchic, petronius
ukrainian	->	byelorussian, obliging, nhs, kocher, bernanke
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, german, russian, czech
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, chilean, bolivia, footballer, argentine
bulgarian	->	croatian, bulgarian, serbian, herzegovina, russian
cambodian	->	finnish, cambodian, serbian, croatian, laos
chilean	->	chilean, costa, argentine, rica, cuban
chinese	->	finnish, japanese, chinese, korean, military
colombian	->	chilean, rica, costa, colombian, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, herzegovina, finnish, bosnia, bulgarian
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, czech, finnish
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, lebanon, israeli, israel
english	->	british, english, scottish, football, canadian
french	->	french, german, dutch, swedish, spanish
german	->	german, russian, union, war, swedish
greek	->	cyprus, finnish, bulgarian, croatian, serbian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, swedish, faroese
indian	->	indian, british, finnish, central, dominated
irish	->	irish, canadian, british, scottish, english
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, palestinian, arab, lebanon
italian	->	italian, german, swedish, russian, finnish
japanese	->	japanese, british, military, finnish, korean
korean	->	korean, finnish, vietnamese, seoul, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, yugoslav, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, danish, estonian, croatian
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, chilean, cuban, italian
moldovan	->	chilean, eritrea, romanian, croatian, guatemalan
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, danish, finnish, norwegian
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, denmark, finnish
peruvian	->	bolivia, argentine, ecuador, colombia, peruvian
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, finnish, czech
portuguese	->	swedish, portuguese, footballer, spanish, italian
russian	->	russian, soviet, finnish, union, finland
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, croatian, hungarian, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, italian, portuguese
swedish	->	swedish, finnish, danish, norwegian, polish
swiss	->	finnish, swedish, swiss, belgium, czech
thai	->	laos, finnish, vietnam, burma, singapore
ukrainian	->	russian, ussr, romanian, croatian, romania
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, croatian, bulgarian, afghan
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, mexican, chilean, argentine, colombian
bulgarian	->	croatian, russian, bulgarian, serbian, ukrainian
cambodian	->	cambodian, taiwanese, nigerian, russo, mccarthyism
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, mexican, costa, belgian
chinese	->	chinese, indian, japanese, korean, monk
colombian	->	colombian, salvadoran, chilean, costa, rican
croatian	->	croatian, linguist, fritz, serbo, psychologist
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, linguist, economist
egyptian	->	egyptian, historian, islamic, philosopher, babylonian
english	->	scottish, british, william, lawyer, thomas
french	->	french, dutch, writer, historian, belgian
german	->	german, nazi, economists, economist, russian
greek	->	historian, egyptian, turkish, philosopher, cyprus
icelandic	->	icelandic, norwegian, danish, swedish, aerospace
indian	->	indian, british, monk, founder, chinese
irish	->	irish, scottish, british, canadian, welsh
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, lebanese, syrian, palestinians
italian	->	italian, composer, painters, composers, pianist
japanese	->	japanese, indian, martial, chinese, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, indian, seoul, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, macedonian, bulgarian, marxist, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, honduran, malaysian, whig, salvadoran
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, belgian, cuban, colombian
moldovan	->	chilean, guatemalan, salvadoran, bolivian, belgian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, zoologist, danish, belgian
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, athlete, jurist
peruvian	->	peruvian, argentine, mexican, jos, rican
polish	->	polish, russian, violinist, pianist, zoologist
portuguese	->	jurist, composer, physician, mathematician, geologist
russian	->	russian, soviet, economist, communist, economists
slovakian	->	slovak, croatian, hungarian, czech, bavarian
spanish	->	spanish, dutch, french, nationalists, franco
swedish	->	economist, swedish, prize, chemist, norwegian
swiss	->	swiss, psychiatrist, belgian, economist, scholar
thai	->	tibetan, oskar, singapore, taiwanese, hypnosis
ukrainian	->	anarchists, russian, anarchist, ukrainian, ritter
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kazakh, croatian, afghan
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, chilean, jurist, cuban
brazilian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
bulgarian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
cambodian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
chilean	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
chinese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
colombian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
croatian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
danish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
egyptian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
english	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
french	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
german	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
greek	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
icelandic	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
indian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
irish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
israeli	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
italian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
japanese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
korean	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
macedonian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
maltese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
mexican	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
moldovan	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
dutch	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
norwegian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
peruvian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
polish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
portuguese	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
russian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
slovakian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
spanish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
swedish	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
swiss	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
thai	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
ukrainian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
albanian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
argentinean	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
australian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
bulgarian	->	romanian, croatian, bulgarian, kazakh, czech
cambodian	->	taiwanese, khmer, cambodian, lao, tajik
chilean	->	argentine, colombian, costa, chilean, afro
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, martial, culture, indian
colombian	->	colombian, argentine, argentinian, afro, costa
croatian	->	croatian, finnish, serbo, hr, tajik
danish	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, cartographer, jurist
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, ancient, bc, greek
english	->	scottish, scotland, welsh, english, football
french	->	french, swedish, italian, composer, dutch
german	->	swedish, german, italian, norwegian, polish
greek	->	egyptian, turkish, hellenic, swedish, italian
icelandic	->	norwegian, icelandic, swedish, danish, manx
indian	->	indian, pakistani, portuguese, indo, scottish
irish	->	scottish, irish, welsh, manx, gaelic
israeli	->	israeli, egyptian, palestinian, syrian, folklore
italian	->	italian, swedish, composer, painters, renaissance
japanese	->	japanese, martial, warlord, shogun, samurai
korean	->	korean, pakistani, seoul, taiwanese, colombian
macedonian	->	macedonian, serbian, scythian, chronicler, bulgarian
maltese	->	maltese, forum, argentinian, danish, norwegian
mexican	->	argentine, mexican, colombian, afro, italian
moldovan	->	romanian, colombian, lao, chilean, argentinian
dutch	->	swedish, dutch, norwegian, danish, flemish
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, cartographer, churchman, danish
peruvian	->	argentine, colombian, footballer, armada, jos
polish	->	polish, swedish, norwegian, slovenian, hungarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, swedish, carlos, physician, navarre
russian	->	russian, finnish, italian, slovenian, polish
slovakian	->	slovak, pl, czech, duran, bavarian
spanish	->	spanish, portuguese, french, tienne, carlos
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, churchman, jurist, danish
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, jurist, psychiatrist, tennis
thai	->	thai, ugric, lanka, falcon, bisexual
ukrainian	->	romanian, francesco, vincenzo, cartographer, filippo
albanian	->	albanian, argentinian, kazakh, lao, folklore
argentinean	->	argentine, colombian, footballer, argentinian, armada
australian	->	australian, canadian, uk, zealand, club
austrian	->	swedish, austrian, nobility, composer, habsburg
cambodian	->	khmer, chinese, vietnamese, nigerian, korean
chilean	->	spanish, chinese, korean, argentine, castilian
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, traditional, vietnamese
colombian	->	spanish, chinese, korean, basque, catalan
croatian	->	croatian, hungarian, finnish, serbian, macedonian
danish	->	danish, scandinavian, swedish, dutch, hungarian
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, ancient, persian, conquest
english	->	scottish, welsh, english, british, dutch
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, english, colonists
german	->	german, dutch, polish, french, hungarian
greek	->	greek, macedonian, turkish, chinese, ancient
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, scandinavian, swedish
indian	->	indian, chinese, native, indo, korean
irish	->	irish, welsh, scottish, english, gaelic
israeli	->	israeli, arab, palestinian, jewish, palestinians
italian	->	spanish, italian, dutch, french, armies
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, traditional, pre
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, japanese, seoul
macedonian	->	macedonian, serbian, slavic, aramaic, castilian
maltese	->	maltese, malaysian, faroese, royalist, castilian
mexican	->	spanish, korean, chinese, mexican, indigenous
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, finnish, serbian, albanian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, french, danish, english
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, bohemian, danish, scottish
peruvian	->	spanish, welsh, castilian, catalan, armada
polish	->	polish, hungarian, royalist, zulu, dutch
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, conquest, castilian, moorish
russian	->	russian, soviet, polish, finnish, revolutionary
slovakian	->	slovak, bavarian, hungarian, austro, khmer
spanish	->	spanish, french, moorish, dutch, conquest
swedish	->	swedish, polish, scottish, dutch, danish
swiss	->	dutch, scandinavian, utrecht, finnish, swedish
thai	->	korean, welsh, vietnamese, chinese, brythonic
ukrainian	->	romanian, anarchists, scandinavian, ruble, slavic
albanian	->	albanian, macedonian, serbian, slavic, hungarian
argentinean	->	spanish, argentine, irish, armada, indigenous
australian	->	australian, british, welsh, zealand, scottish
austrian	->	hungarian, german, polish, vizsla, dutch
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
chilean	->	chilean, salvadoran, colombian, cuba, cuban
chinese	->	companies, government, immigration, colonial, prc
colombian	->	colombian, salvadoran, chilean, kenyan, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, austrian, bosnian, bolivian, albanian
danish	->	danish, athlete, krone, swedish, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, israeli, israel, pyramids, arab
english	->	patriots, british, scottish, barons, nobility
french	->	dutch, french, overseas, spanish, british
german	->	german, austrian, nazi, dutch, nobility
greek	->	afghan, cyprus, athenian, turkish, austrian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, ulster, norwegian, faroese
indian	->	indian, british, colonial, dutch, nation
irish	->	irish, scottish, british, canadian, parliament
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, lebanese, refugees, arab
italian	->	italian, dutch, sicilian, natives, austrian
japanese	->	companies, british, japanese, deaths, mexican
korean	->	korean, colombian, indonesian, seoul, kenyan
macedonian	->	bosnian, afghan, albanian, serbian, kazakh
maltese	->	bolivian, salvadoran, honduran, fijian, malaysian
mexican	->	mexican, chilean, colombian, embassy, cuban
moldovan	->	chilean, bolivian, salvadoran, kuwaiti, guatemalan
dutch	->	dutch, nederlandse, danish, antilles, nobility
norwegian	->	athlete, norwegian, danish, swedish, krone
peruvian	->	paraguay, mexico, colombian, chilean, armada
polish	->	polish, lithuanian, nobility, austrian, athlete
portuguese	->	monarchs, habsburgs, nobility, portuguese, colombian
russian	->	russian, austrian, feared, soviet, cherokee
slovakian	->	slovak, bosnian, ulster, bavarian, czech
spanish	->	spanish, dutch, habsburgs, conquistadors, inquisition
swedish	->	swedish, danish, economist, athlete, inventors
swiss	->	swiss, psychiatrist, dutch, netherlands, lithuanian
thai	->	guyanese, philippines, autodidacts, prc, colombian
ukrainian	->	chernobyl, bosnian, kuwaiti, cherokee, ussr
albanian	->	albanian, kazakh, afghan, bosnian, serbian
argentinean	->	chilean, argentine, colombian, mexican, armada
australian	->	australian, zealand, defunct, canadian, canada
austrian	->	austrian, nobility, bavaria, habsburgs, german
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	chilean, brazilian, colombian, janeiro, defunct
chinese	->	turkish, japanese, puppet, british, afghan
colombian	->	colombian, cuban, liberian, mexican, algerian
croatian	->	croatian, serbian, russian, nikolay, bulgaria
danish	->	danish, norwegian, swedish, monarchs, krone
egyptian	->	egyptian, invasion, ottoman, afghan, serbian
english	->	british, scottish, monarchs, barons, parliament
french	->	french, british, overseas, russian, german
german	->	german, russian, nazi, soviet, propaganda
greek	->	turkish, serbian, afghan, russian, croatian
icelandic	->	norwegian, danish, icelandic, fiji, swedish
indian	->	indian, british, subcontinent, pakistani, isles
irish	->	parliament, irish, british, scottish, monarchs
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, palestinian, citizenship, serbian
italian	->	italian, fascist, russian, fascists, turkish
japanese	->	japanese, british, warlord, emperors, samurai
korean	->	pakistani, sino, expansionism, taiwanese, korean
macedonian	->	serbian, macedonian, afghan, kazakh, bulgarian
maltese	->	oligarchy, grenada, guatemalan, fijian, fiji
mexican	->	mexican, colombian, argentine, cuban, embassy
moldovan	->	romanian, guatemalan, algerian, kazakh, bundestag
dutch	->	monarchs, swedish, danish, nobility, norwegian
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, bohemian, livonia, cartographer
peruvian	->	colombian, paraguay, argentine, mexican, peruvian
polish	->	polish, russian, ukrainian, ottoman, bohemia
portuguese	->	monarchs, habsburgs, ottoman, sultans, parthian
russian	->	russian, soviet, dmitry, nikolai, ukrainian
slovakian	->	czechoslovakia, croatian, czech, serbian, slovak
spanish	->	habsburgs, huguenots, monarchs, ottoman, parthian
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, polish, norway
swiss	->	swiss, bundestag, romanian, bohemian, swedish
thai	->	burma, isles, warlord, sino, laos
ukrainian	->	ussr, ukrainian, dmitry, russian, proclamation
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, kazakh, afghan, croatian
argentinean	->	argentine, colombian, mexican, turkish, romanian
australian	->	australian, british, zealand, united, canadian
austrian	->	austrian, nikolay, german, nobility, russian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	colombian, mexican, brazilian, croatian, romanian
bulgarian	->	serbian, croatian, russian, kazakh, afghan
colombian	->	angola, guatemala, spanish, haiti, martinique
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, hungarian, serbian, phonology
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, czech, english
egyptian	->	greek, arabic, persian, egyptian, ancient
english	->	english, welsh, old, patriots, hiberno
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, english, german
german	->	german, french, polish, hungarian, loanwords
greek	->	greek, turkish, arabic, persian, egyptian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, munster, swedish
indian	->	indian, traditional, korean, japanese, mainly
irish	->	irish, english, welsh, words, old
israeli	->	israeli, hebrew, jewish, palestinian, soldiers
italian	->	italian, spanish, latin, greek, french
japanese	->	japanese, traditional, korean, simplified, martial
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, cuisine, indian
macedonian	->	arabic, serbian, calligraphy, macedonian, bulgarian
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, polynesia, danish, grenada
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, korean, argentine, arabic
moldovan	->	romanian, kazakh, reviews, belarusian, estonian
dutch	->	dutch, english, danish, french, swedish
norwegian	->	swedish, danish, denmark, norwegian, sweden
peruvian	->	paraguay, lima, venezuela, mexico, spanish
polish	->	polish, hungarian, bohemia, ukrainian, dukes
portuguese	->	spanish, portuguese, monarchs, french, bourbon
russian	->	russian, ukrainian, german, polish, hungarian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, munster, hungarian, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, conquistadors, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, polish, danish, hungarian, statesman
swiss	->	swiss, latin, belgium, speaking, hebrew
thai	->	korean, cantonese, dominoes, mandarin, taoism
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, yiddish, romanian, belarusian, translations
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kazakh, arabic, armenian
argentinean	->	spanish, argentine, mexican, armada, etymology
australian	->	australian, zealand, english, folk, aboriginal
austrian	->	hungarian, austrian, german, vizsla, nobility
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, spanish, janeiro, spoken, mixed
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, ukrainian, czech, belarusian
cambodian	->	khmer, calligraphy, korean, hangul, moroccan
croatian	->	croatian, finnish, austrian, nikolay, hungarian
danish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, krone, cartographer
egyptian	->	ottoman, habsburgs, invasion, philologist, swedish
english	->	scottish, british, barons, nobility, swedish
french	->	swedish, french, huguenots, philologist, dutch
german	->	german, swedish, nazi, philologist, austrian
greek	->	swedish, turkish, finnish, danish, habsburgs
icelandic	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, icelandic, krona
indian	->	indian, subcontinent, pakistani, british, swedish
irish	->	scottish, british, irish, parliament, swedish
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, citizenship, idf, assassinated
italian	->	swedish, italian, habsburgs, composer, pianist
japanese	->	japanese, shogun, tenn, warlord, tokugawa
korean	->	seoul, pakistani, korean, finnish, taiwanese
macedonian	->	macedonian, bohemian, serbian, nikolay, livonia
maltese	->	maltese, danish, ugric, finno, faroese
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, chilean, cuban, politician
moldovan	->	chilean, romanian, bundestag, moldovan, ecuadorian
dutch	->	swedish, philologist, dutch, danish, anatomist
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, cartographer, sweden, danish
peruvian	->	argentine, peruvian, cartographer, mexican, paraguay
polish	->	polish, philologist, swedish, nobility, pianist
portuguese	->	habsburgs, swedish, anatomist, philologist, monarchs
russian	->	russian, philologist, soviet, finnish, violinist
slovakian	->	austro, bavarian, czech, antoni, hungarian
spanish	->	habsburgs, huguenots, swedish, dutch, philologist
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, cartographer, swiss, physiologist
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, cartographer, organist, psychiatrist
thai	->	ugric, singapore, bangkok, shogun, finno
ukrainian	->	ussr, ssr, heinrich, cartographer, philologist
albanian	->	albanian, sultans, finnish, hungarian, kazakh
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, jurist, chilean, anatomist
australian	->	australian, zealand, british, patriot, united
austrian	->	austrian, swedish, habsburgs, nobility, habsburg
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, chilean, argentine, mexican, anatomist
bulgarian	->	nikolay, romanian, cartographer, croatian, aleksandr
cambodian	->	cambodian, taiwanese, tokugawa, mccarthyism, khmer
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, mexican, cuban, peso
danish	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, czech, norway
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, turkish, arab
english	->	scottish, english, british, irish, welsh
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, italian, british
german	->	german, russian, union, italian, soviet
greek	->	turkish, greek, serbian, russian, bulgarian
icelandic	->	icelandic, norwegian, danish, swedish, faroese
indian	->	indian, british, subcontinent, pakistani, pakistan
irish	->	irish, scottish, parliament, british, canadian
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, lebanese, arab, palestine
italian	->	italian, turkish, french, russian, spanish
japanese	->	japanese, indian, british, chinese, mexican
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, indian, pakistani, seoul
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, kazakh, moldovan
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, moldovan, malaysian, irish
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, colombian, spanish, chilean
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, chilean, provisional, guatemalan
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, norwegian, french, danish
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, zealand, danish, athlete
peruvian	->	venezuela, lima, colombia, panama, mexico
polish	->	polish, russian, slovenian, ukrainian, romanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, french, italian, poet
russian	->	russian, soviet, slovenian, union, revolutionary
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, slovenian, bulgarian, romanian
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, portuguese, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, polish, chemist, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, brussels, swedish, utrecht, romanian
thai	->	vietnam, laos, singapore, philippines, bangkok
ukrainian	->	russian, ukrainian, romanian, ussr, slovenian
albanian	->	serbian, kazakh, albanian, romanian, bulgarian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, chilean, colombian
australian	->	australian, zealand, canadian, british, united
austrian	->	german, russian, polish, italian, swedish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, colombian, chilean, mexican, colombia
bulgarian	->	serbian, bulgarian, russian, romanian, kazakh
cambodian	->	khmer, nigerian, laos, cambodian, serbian
chilean	->	chilean, colombia, colombian, argentine, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, indian, japanese, turkish, establishment
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, greek, arabic, ancient
english	->	english, british, dutch, scottish, saxon
french	->	french, dutch, german, spanish, swedish
german	->	german, dutch, swedish, polish, norwegian
greek	->	egyptian, greek, turkish, persian, german
icelandic	->	icelandic, norwegian, faroese, swedish, egyptian
indian	->	indian, central, portuguese, subcontinent, british
irish	->	irish, english, british, scottish, parliament
israeli	->	israeli, arab, lebanese, palestinian, idf
italian	->	italian, german, dutch, swedish, portuguese
japanese	->	japanese, indian, chinese, korean, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, indian, japanese, pakistani
macedonian	->	macedonian, serbian, bulgarian, arabic, prussian
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, malaysian, icelandic, fijian
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, spanish, colombian, iranian
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, chilean, estonian, ecuadorian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, norwegian, nederlandse, german
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, icelandic, astronomer, krone
peruvian	->	armada, argentine, colombian, venezuela, spanish
polish	->	polish, german, lithuanian, hungarian, russian
portuguese	->	portuguese, swedish, dutch, spanish, norwegian
russian	->	russian, german, soviet, finnish, polish
slovakian	->	czech, hungarian, slovak, austro, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, dutch, portuguese, french, conquistadors
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, polish, chemist, dutch
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, dutch, german, norwegian
thai	->	korean, korea, indian, ugric, bengali
ukrainian	->	russian, romanian, lithuanian, ukrainian, german
albanian	->	albanian, kazakh, serbian, hungarian, finnish
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, armada, brazilian, colombian
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, zealand, indian
austrian	->	german, hungarian, austrian, swedish, dutch
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, speakers, paulo, janeiro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, kazakh, russian, romanian
cambodian	->	khmer, pakistani, liberian, finnish, cambodian
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, brazilian, colombian, spanish
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, india
colombian	->	colombian, brazilian, chilean, argentine, guatemala
english	->	royal, scottish, english, welsh, british
french	->	french, italian, belgian, spanish, swedish
german	->	german, italian, occupation, nazi, swedish
greek	->	hellenic, greek, turkish, cyprus, hieroglyphs
icelandic	->	icelandic, ulster, danish, norwegian, hieroglyphs
indian	->	indian, japanese, chinese, iranian, indo
irish	->	irish, manx, hawaiian, welsh, scottish
israeli	->	israeli, armed, lebanese, syrian, palestinian
italian	->	italian, renaissance, hellenic, turkish, fascist
japanese	->	japanese, hellenic, chinese, martial, navy
korean	->	korean, japanese, hellenic, vietnamese, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, macedonian, bulgarian, yugoslav, hellenic
maltese	->	maltese, malaysian, faroese, hellenic, fiji
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, hellenic, chilean, cuban
moldovan	->	chilean, romanian, lao, kyrgyz, moldovan
dutch	->	danish, dutch, swedish, norwegian, nederlandse
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, icelandic, iceland
peruvian	->	colombia, venezuela, argentine, mexico, philippines
polish	->	polish, czech, slovak, russian, ukrainian
portuguese	->	portuguese, italian, ruler, monarchs, swedish
russian	->	russian, soviet, finnish, republic, communist
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, ulster, munster, koruna
spanish	->	spanish, italian, portuguese, french, franco
swedish	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, icelandic, royal
swiss	->	swedish, belgian, swiss, belgium, icelandic
thai	->	singapore, philippines, bangkok, thai, malaysia
ukrainian	->	romanian, ussr, ukrainian, moldavian, folklore
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, kazakh, afghan, lao
argentinean	->	argentine, chilean, mexican, spanish, colombian
australian	->	australian, zealand, canadian, canada, uk
austrian	->	austrian, czech, german, hungarian, italian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, chilean, colombian, argentine, italian
bulgarian	->	serbian, bulgarian, croatian, hound, czech
cambodian	->	khmer, kuomintang, lao, georgian, cambodian
chilean	->	chilean, costa, colombia, argentine, cuban
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, hellenic, turkish
colombian	->	colombian, chilean, costa, cuban, guatemala
croatian	->	croatian, serbian, bulgarian, serbo, finnish
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, italian, german
german	->	german, russian, czech, french, finnish
greek	->	greek, turkish, arabic, transliteration, acronyms
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, czech, norwegian
indian	->	hindi, indian, language, languages, chinese
irish	->	irish, language, slang, words, hawaiian
israeli	->	israeli, hebrew, arabic, greek, irish
italian	->	italian, latin, french, greek, spanish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, hindi, usage
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, hindi, japanese
macedonian	->	transliteration, serbian, arabic, kazakh, colloquial
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, estonian, danish, croatian
mexican	->	guatemala, mexican, spanish, cuban, korean
moldovan	->	romanian, kazakh, belarusian, guatemala, kyrgyz
dutch	->	dutch, danish, french, language, swedish
norwegian	->	czech, swedish, danish, norwegian, icelandic
peruvian	->	ecuador, bolivia, venezuela, colombia, guatemala
polish	->	czech, russian, polish, yiddish, hungarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, french, languages, poet
russian	->	russian, finnish, croatian, czech, ukrainian
slovakian	->	czech, slovak, abbreviations, croatian, ek
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, catalan, dutch
swedish	->	swedish, czech, danish, finnish, chemist
swiss	->	ipa, swiss, czech, pronounced, yiddish
thai	->	laos, oo, hindi, urdu, haskell
ukrainian	->	yiddish, belarusian, kazakh, belarus, russian
albanian	->	kazakh, albanian, belarusian, serbian, croatian
argentinean	->	guatemala, argentine, spanish, bolivia, pronunciation
australian	->	australian, canadian, canada, dictionary, irish
austrian	->	czech, hungarian, german, russian, finnish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, guatemala, bolivia, paulo, janeiro
bulgarian	->	croatian, kazakh, belarusian, czech, bulgarian
cambodian	->	laos, khmer, liberia, colloquial, hindi
chilean	->	guatemala, costa, colombia, bolivia, salvador
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, language, cantonese
colombian	->	guatemala, ecuador, costa, rica, bolivia
croatian	->	croatian, czech, finnish, serbo, bulgarian
danish	->	danish, czech, swedish, scandinavian, finnish
german	->	german, russian, dutch, italian, polish
greek	->	greek, egyptian, bulgarian, turkish, russian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, norwegian, swedish
indian	->	indian, chinese, native, portuguese, british
irish	->	irish, english, british, canadian, scottish
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, lebanese, arab, jewish
italian	->	italian, spanish, german, dutch, russian
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, indian, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, indian, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, albanian, kazakh
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, danish, polynesia, grenada
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, korean, argentine, irish
moldovan	->	romanian, guatemalan, kazakh, chilean, albanian
dutch	->	dutch, danish, english, swedish, spanish
norwegian	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, denmark, chemist
peruvian	->	armada, ecuador, spanish, venezuela, colombia
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, german, lithuanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, english, poet, italian
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, finnish, ukrainian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, bulgarian, hungarian, croatian
spanish	->	spanish, portuguese, dutch, armada, italian
swedish	->	swedish, danish, chemist, polish, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, belgian, dutch, german, swedish
thai	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, korea, filipino
ukrainian	->	russian, ukrainian, romanian, kazakh, belarusian
albanian	->	albanian, kazakh, serbian, bulgarian, croatian
argentinean	->	spanish, argentine, armada, mexican, irish
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, english, indian
austrian	->	german, hungarian, austrian, russian, vizsla
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, spanish, portuguese, guatemala, janeiro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, croatian, russian, kazakh
cambodian	->	khmer, nigerian, cambodian, chinese, vietnamese
chilean	->	costa, spanish, chilean, guatemala, colombia
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, indian, vietnamese
colombian	->	costa, guatemala, ecuador, rica, angola
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, hungarian, russian, serbian
danish	->	danish, swedish, english, norwegian, hungarian
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, ancient, persian, arabic
greek	->	greek, persian, egyptian, hungarian, vizsla
icelandic	->	danish, icelandic, norwegian, swedish, faroese
indian	->	indian, native, chinese, dutch, descent
irish	->	irish, english, scottish, welsh, british
israeli	->	israeli, arab, lebanese, jewish, palestinian
italian	->	italian, french, composer, dutch, spanish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, indian, french
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, japanese, chinese, seoul
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, hungarian, arabic
maltese	->	maltese, danish, faroese, hungarian, statesman
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, spanish, italian, french
moldovan	->	romanian, russian, kazakh, albanian, estonian
dutch	->	dutch, danish, swedish, french, english
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, astronomer, cartographer
peruvian	->	armada, argentine, peruvian, spanish, paraguay
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, ukrainian, bohemia
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, physician, french, composer
russian	->	russian, soviet, ukrainian, finnish, hungarian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, hungarian, bulgarian, austro
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, portuguese, italian
swedish	->	swedish, danish, chemist, polish, norwegian
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, astronomer, dutch, danish
thai	->	korean, vietnamese, korea, japanese, shogun
ukrainian	->	russian, ukrainian, romanian, yiddish, belarusian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kazakh, hungarian, bulgarian
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, armada, french, italian
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, english, zealand
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, russian, composer, vizsla
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, italian, french, footballer, argentine
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, russian, serbian, romanian, ukrainian
cambodian	->	khmer, serbian, finnish, hungarian, vietnamese
chilean	->	argentine, spanish, brazilian, chilean, costa
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, vietnamese
colombian	->	colombian, brazilian, argentine, guatemala, costa
croatian	->	croatian, hungarian, bulgarian, russian, finnish
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, hungarian, czech
egyptian	->	persian, egyptian, greek, arabic, ancient
english	->	english, scottish, dutch, william, british
icelandic	->	icelandic, norse, danish, egyptian, ori
indian	->	indian, origin, native, chinese, meaning
irish	->	irish, english, old, word, meaning
israeli	->	hebrew, jewish, israeli, god, bible
italian	->	latin, italian, roman, spanish, derived
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, traditional, modern, mythology
korean	->	korean, chinese, japanese, vietnamese, mythology
macedonian	->	hebrew, arabic, sanskrit, word, mythology
maltese	->	maltese, irish, egyptian, faroese, old
mexican	->	latin, word, meaning, spanish, literally
moldovan	->	romanian, newspaper, leu, reflects, moldovan
dutch	->	english, dutch, latin, speaking, french
norwegian	->	swedish, english, danish, hebrew, old
peruvian	->	lima, mexico, venezuela, latin, hebrew
polish	->	hebrew, polish, literally, translated, latin
portuguese	->	latin, portuguese, spanish, conquest, derived
russian	->	roman, russian, latin, nation, day
slovakian	->	slovak, hebrew, latin, prayer, slavonic
spanish	->	spanish, latin, french, conquest, roman
swedish	->	swedish, english, latin, medieval, old
swiss	->	latin, hebrew, speaking, sanskrit, pronounced
thai	->	chinese, celtic, brythonic, taoism, japanese
ukrainian	->	abraham, yiddish, latin, semitic, translated
albanian	->	arabic, mythology, albanian, latin, word
argentinean	->	spanish, latin, words, english, meaning
australian	->	america, english, zealand, australian, canada
austrian	->	latin, german, roman, french, english
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	latin, america, translated, spoken, derived
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, latin, alphabet, hebrew, translated
cambodian	->	khmer, chinese, camelot, rouge, calligraphy
chilean	->	spanish, mexico, colombia, la, de
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, traditional, tradition, culture
colombian	->	ecuador, bogot, latin, spanish, guatemala
croatian	->	bulgarian, croatian, hungarian, serbian, slovak
danish	->	english, danish, hebrew, latin, jewish
egyptian	->	ancient, egyptian, hebrew, persian, arabic
english	->	english, old, william, oxford, york
french	->	french, spanish, latin, english, roman
indian	->	indian, native, indo, century, peoples
irish	->	irish, english, scottish, welsh, colonists
israeli	->	israeli, irish, settlers, arab, jewish
italian	->	italian, colonists, composers, dutch, latin
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, indian, korean, belgian
korean	->	korean, indian, iranian, vietnamese, chinese
macedonian	->	derives, bulgarian, slavic, greek, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, irish, whig, danish
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, irish, colonists, belgian
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, belgian, kazakh, chilean
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, colonists, english, french
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, chemist, danish, astronomer
peruvian	->	lima, colonists, mexico, spanish, irish
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, german, lithuanian
portuguese	->	portuguese, colonists, spanish, french, swedish
russian	->	russian, german, soviet, finnish, revolution
slovakian	->	slovak, hungarian, czech, romanian, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, colonists, french, dutch, portuguese
swedish	->	swedish, chemist, economist, prize, swiss
swiss	->	swiss, belgian, swedish, dutch, colonists
thai	->	punjabi, pianists, welsh, brythonic, indo
ukrainian	->	yiddish, romanian, russian, ruble, ukrainian
albanian	->	albanian, kazakh, romanian, hungarian, slavic
argentinean	->	spanish, argentine, colonists, irish, mexican
australian	->	australian, aboriginal, british, irish, colonists
austrian	->	german, hungarian, austrian, swedish, russian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, afro, aboriginal, spanish
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, russian, romanian, croatian, kazakh
cambodian	->	khmer, rouge, finnish, lexicon, taiwanese
chilean	->	belgian, spanish, cuban, chilean, costa
chinese	->	chinese, korean, indian, native, japanese
colombian	->	cuban, costa, afro, colombian, spanish
croatian	->	croatian, hungarian, finnish, bulgarian, russian
danish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, dutch, scandinavian
egyptian	->	greek, egyptian, ancient, persian, colonists
english	->	english, colonists, scottish, irish, settlers
french	->	french, dutch, colonists, spanish, belgian
german	->	german, dutch, russian, swedish, french
irish	->	irish, british, scottish, canadian, australian
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, palestine, lebanese, arab
italian	->	italian, composer, french, german, artist
japanese	->	japanese, british, martial, chinese, samurai
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, vietnam, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, yugoslav, russian, kazakh
maltese	->	maltese, grenada, australian, canadian, danish
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, puerto, americans, texas
moldovan	->	chilean, eritrea, guatemalan, russian, romanian
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, french, norwegian, danish
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, denmark, sweden, zealand
peruvian	->	venezuela, mexico, puerto, colombia, paraguay
polish	->	polish, russian, bohemia, german, warsaw
portuguese	->	castile, spain, b, composer, french
russian	->	russian, soviet, union, revolutionary, war
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, moravia, patriotic, holidays
spanish	->	spanish, french, france, colonization, invasion
swedish	->	swedish, economist, swiss, norwegian, prize
swiss	->	swiss, violinist, psychiatrist, swedish, pianist
thai	->	vietnam, laos, korea, singapore, thai
ukrainian	->	ussr, russia, russian, ukrainian, utah
albanian	->	albanian, kazakh, serbian, diaspora, russian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, spanish, chilean, buenos
australian	->	australian, zealand, british, canadian, canada
austrian	->	austrian, german, composer, violinist, russian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, mexican, argentina, colombia, mexico
bulgarian	->	russian, croatian, bulgarian, serbian, kazakh
cambodian	->	laos, vietnam, vietnamese, moroccan, mongolian
chilean	->	colombia, mexican, chilean, costa, mexico
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, vietnamese, asian
colombian	->	colombian, costa, ecuador, mexican, chilean
croatian	->	croatian, russian, finnish, herzegovina, austrian
danish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, norway, swiss
egyptian	->	egyptian, ancient, israel, invasion, greek
english	->	british, scottish, english, britain, naturalist
french	->	french, d, british, composer, spanish
german	->	german, war, soviet, union, russian
greek	->	greek, turkish, cyprus, egyptian, ancient
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, palestinian, arab, diaspora
italian	->	italian, russian, german, spanish, french
japanese	->	japanese, korean, chinese, indian, mexican
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, seoul, japanese, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, albanian, macedonian, kazakh
maltese	->	maltese, albanian, faroese, estonian, danish
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, americans, korean, spanish
moldovan	->	romanian, kazakh, albanian, russian, moldovan
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, french, danish, english
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, athlete, finnish
peruvian	->	venezuela, lima, ecuador, peruvian, paraguay
polish	->	polish, russian, ukrainian, hungarian, lithuanian
portuguese	->	spanish, portuguese, french, poet, composer
russian	->	russian, soviet, ukrainian, finnish, german
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, bulgarian, hungarian, ukrainian
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, franco, colonization
swedish	->	swedish, polish, finnish, hungarian, norwegian
swiss	->	swiss, finnish, romanian, german, polish
thai	->	vietnamese, vietnam, korean, laos, korea
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, russian, ussr, ruble, romanian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kazakh, bulgarian, diaspora
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, mexican, footballer, cuban
australian	->	australian, canadian, american, british, zealand
austrian	->	hungarian, german, austrian, russian, polish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, bolivia, mexican, mixed, argentine
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, russian, ukrainian, kazakh
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, serbian, taiwanese, finnish
chilean	->	colombia, costa, argentine, mexican, chilean
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, vietnamese, indian
colombian	->	ecuador, bogot, costa, colombian, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, russian, serbian, albanian
danish	->	danish, swedish, czech, hungarian, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, ancient, israel
english	->	english, scottish, british, welsh, anglo
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, german, russian
german	->	german, russian, soviet, polish, war
greek	->	greek, bulgarian, turkish, russian, serbian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, swedish, ulster
italian	->	italian, germany, france, turkish, german
japanese	->	japanese, military, occupation, korean, warlord
korean	->	korean, seoul, vietnamese, manchuria, vietnam
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, albanian, guatemalan, yugoslav
maltese	->	maltese, grenada, malaysian, luxembourg, faroe
mexican	->	mexican, chilean, colombian, argentine, cuba
moldovan	->	chilean, eritrea, guatemalan, algerian, romanian
dutch	->	dutch, luxembourg, belgium, swedish, france
norwegian	->	denmark, norwegian, swedish, sweden, netherlands
peruvian	->	paraguay, venezuela, nicaragua, colombia, argentina
polish	->	polish, uprising, czech, russian, german
portuguese	->	portuguese, spain, france, spanish, navarre
russian	->	soviet, russian, germany, finland, german
slovakian	->	slovak, czechoslovakia, czech, slovenia, croatian
spanish	->	spanish, france, french, argentina, vichy
swedish	->	swedish, denmark, norway, norwegian, finland
swiss	->	swiss, belgium, brussels, luxembourg, strasbourg
thai	->	bangkok, singapore, vietnam, korea, philippines
ukrainian	->	romania, ussr, russia, pact, crimea
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, croatian, algerian, bulgaria
argentinean	->	argentine, chilean, colombian, mexican, spanish
australian	->	australian, zealand, canada, british, united
austrian	->	austrian, german, germany, reunification, czech
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	chilean, argentina, colombian, brazilian, guatemala
bulgarian	->	croatian, bulgarian, czech, moldova, serbian
cambodian	->	cambodian, laos, russo, rwandan, nigerian
chilean	->	chilean, costa, colombia, salvador, guatemala
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, korea, occupation
colombian	->	colombian, chilean, guatemala, costa, rica
croatian	->	croatian, bosnia, herzegovina, czechoslovakia, serbo
danish	->	danish, luxembourg, swedish, czech, norway
egyptian	->	egyptian, invasion, occupation, military, lebanon
english	->	british, patriots, english, scotland, somerset
french	->	french, spanish, german, dutch, vichy
german	->	german, reunification, nazi, occupation, berlin
greek	->	turkish, cyprus, military, occupation, malta
icelandic	->	faroe, norwegian, danish, malta, icelandic
indian	->	indian, subcontinent, central, pakistani, korea
japanese	->	japanese, mexican, chinese, korean, warlord
korean	->	korean, japanese, vietnamese, seoul, mexican
macedonian	->	bulgarian, serbian, romanian, macedonian, russian
maltese	->	maltese, statesman, faroese, romanian, brazilian
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, brazilian, chilean, spanish
moldovan	->	romanian, chilean, moldovan, russian, kazakh
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, flemish, anatomist, french
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, churchman, cartographer, danish
peruvian	->	peruvian, argentine, brazilian, armada, mexican
polish	->	polish, ukrainian, russian, romanian, slovenian
portuguese	->	portuguese, brazilian, spanish, composer, anatomist
russian	->	russian, ukrainian, romanian, slovenian, german
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, romanian, bulgarian, ukrainian
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, portuguese, conquistador
swedish	->	swedish, swiss, chemist, churchman, polish
swiss	->	swiss, romanian, belgian, swedish, giacomo
thai	->	filipino, haskell, tibetan, japanese, korean
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, romanian, russian, belarusian, yiddish
albanian	->	albanian, romanian, kazakh, serbian, bulgarian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, brazilian, spanish, chilean
australian	->	australian, canadian, american, british, brazilian
austrian	->	german, austrian, russian, composer, hungarian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, chilean, mexican, romanian, janeiro
bulgarian	->	romanian, bulgarian, ukrainian, russian, croatian
cambodian	->	romanian, nigerian, cambodian, khmer, taiwanese
chilean	->	chilean, brazilian, argentine, mexican, costa
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, indian, cuisine
colombian	->	colombian, brazilian, chilean, guatemala, argentine
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, russian, romanian, czech
danish	->	danish, swedish, czech, norwegian, swiss
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, historian, philosopher
english	->	english, scottish, dutch, statesman, welsh
french	->	french, dutch, spanish, composer, writer
german	->	german, russian, dutch, french, swedish
greek	->	bulgarian, russian, greek, turkish, romanian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, swedish, czech
indian	->	indian, portuguese, japanese, central, asian
irish	->	irish, english, scottish, welsh, canadian
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, sino, vietnam
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, albanian, arabic
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, serbian, albanian, danish
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, korean, argentine, italian
moldovan	->	romanian, serbian, albanian, algerian, kazakh
dutch	->	dutch, english, danish, swedish, german
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, czech, denmark
peruvian	->	armada, spanish, paraguay, argentine, venezuela
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, german, bohemia
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, romance, english, italian
russian	->	russian, german, soviet, ukrainian, romanian
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, bulgarian, serbian, hungarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, conquistadors, italian
swedish	->	swedish, polish, danish, hungarian, norwegian
swiss	->	romanian, german, czech, swedish, italian
thai	->	vietnam, korean, laos, vietnamese, romance
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, yiddish, russian, bulgarian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, kazakh, romanian
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, romance, armada, mexican
australian	->	australian, english, british, zealand, canadian
austrian	->	german, hungarian, czech, austrian, russian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, romance, spanish, italian, spoken
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, albanian, romanian, czech
cambodian	->	khmer, serbian, vietnamese, laos, chinese
chilean	->	spanish, argentine, colombia, chilean, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, korean, vietnamese, turkish, moroccan
colombian	->	angola, guatemala, spanish, ecuador, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, serbian, albanian, hungarian
danish	->	danish, swedish, czech, english, hungarian
egyptian	->	greek, egyptian, persian, arabic, ancient
english	->	english, welsh, irish, anglo, british
french	->	french, spanish, german, english, dutch
german	->	german, russian, war, italian, hungarian
greek	->	greek, turkish, bulgarian, serbian, egyptian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, norwegian, swedish
indian	->	indian, chinese, korean, hindi, spoken
irish	->	irish, english, welsh, words, old
israeli	->	israeli, hebrew, palestinian, lebanese, soldiers
macedonian	->	bulgarian, serbian, arabic, macedonian, alphabet
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, danish, syntax, phonology
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, chinese, cuba, chile
moldovan	->	eritrea, romanian, chilean, coat, reviews
dutch	->	dutch, spanish, french, english, swedish
norwegian	->	swedish, denmark, norwegian, danish, sweden
peruvian	->	spanish, mexico, venezuela, colombia, paraguay
polish	->	polish, hungarian, partitions, german, russian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, spain, conquest, french
russian	->	russian, soviet, war, wars, german
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, slovenia, consonants, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, dutch, conquest
swedish	->	swedish, polish, danish, denmark, hungarian
swiss	->	latin, belgium, in, dutch, ipa
thai	->	chinese, dances, vietnam, moroccan, cantonese
ukrainian	->	romania, ussr, russian, yiddish, tea
albanian	->	albanian, bulgarian, serbian, hungarian, arabic
argentinean	->	spanish, argentine, armada, phrases, pronunciation
australian	->	australian, zealand, english, british, canada
austrian	->	german, hungarian, austrian, polish, nobility
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	spanish, chile, portuguese, argentina, mixed
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, russian, czech, phonology
cambodian	->	khmer, hangul, chinese, napoleonic, moroccan
chilean	->	spanish, costa, colombia, cuba, cuban
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, traditional, era, turkish
colombian	->	costa, spanish, angola, guatemala, chile
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, hungarian, herzegovina, finnish
danish	->	danish, swedish, scandinavian, hungarian, czech
egyptian	->	greek, persian, egyptian, arabic, ancient
english	->	english, dutch, anglo, old, battle
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, german, spain
german	->	german, war, reunification, dutch, beginning
greek	->	greek, turkish, persian, bulgarian, chinese
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, norwegian, swedish
indian	->	chinese, indian, portuguese, modern, mainly
irish	->	irish, english, spanish, words, old
israeli	->	israeli, hebrew, jewish, soldiers, arab
italian	->	spanish, italian, latin, french, german
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, bahamas, forum, fiji
mexican	->	mexican, cuba, philippines, indigenous, zealand
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, albanian, honda, algerian
dutch	->	dutch, england, zealand, puritan, belgium
norwegian	->	denmark, sweden, zealand, iceland, netherlands
peruvian	->	paraguay, venezuela, argentina, panama, uruguay
polish	->	polish, zulu, hungary, bohemia, catholic
portuguese	->	spain, monarchs, portuguese, puritan, scotland
russian	->	declared, union, catholic, independence, allies
slovakian	->	slovenia, slovak, methodist, pl, czech
spanish	->	spanish, portugal, britain, conquest, england
swedish	->	norway, denmark, manchester, swedish, england
swiss	->	sweden, belgium, netherlands, denmark, utrecht
thai	->	singapore, philippines, siam, bangkok, indonesia
ukrainian	->	romania, ussr, emancipation, russia, invades
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, bulgarian, armenian, albanians
argentinean	->	argentine, burmese, buenos, malay, spanish
australian	->	zealand, australian, uk, melbourne, united
austrian	->	hungary, catholic, monarchs, germany, bavaria
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	argentina, brazilian, indigenous, bolivia, zealand
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, albanian, albania, serbian, romanian
cambodian	->	taiwanese, cambodian, khmer, thailand, laos
chilean	->	cuba, argentina, haiti, cuban, mexico
chinese	->	singapore, taiwan, chinese, mainland, japanese
colombian	->	haiti, colombian, ecuador, cuban, cuba
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, albanian, slovenia, albania
danish	->	danish, norway, sweden, iceland, netherlands
egyptian	->	ancient, egyptian, israel, arab, conquest
english	->	patriots, scotland, barons, scottish, bishops
french	->	spain, french, britain, england, netherlands
german	->	german, nazi, europe, catholic, union
greek	->	cyprus, turkish, greek, ancient, hellenistic
icelandic	->	icelandic, faroese, denmark, norway, danish
indian	->	indonesia, asia, indian, century, th
irish	->	irish, scottish, scotland, britain, england
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, arab, palestinians, jewish
italian	->	spain, italian, britain, renaissance, catholic
japanese	->	japanese, singapore, china, britain, united
mexican	->	mexican, berber, afro, native, jos
moldovan	->	romanian, belarusian, kazakh, albanian, moldovan
dutch	->	dutch, spoken, speaking, pal, quechua
norwegian	->	pal, swedish, mime, navarre, norwegian
peruvian	->	lima, tamazight, berber, vasco, jong
polish	->	polish, yiddish, turkic, mon, slavic
portuguese	->	portuguese, afonso, galician, pal, alphonso
russian	->	yiddish, russian, speaking, slavic, turkic
slovakian	->	slovak, ee, javanese, khmer, domingo
spanish	->	portuguese, spanish, romance, galician, conquistadors
swedish	->	swedish, pal, fortran, se, switzerland
swiss	->	pal, eth, di, pet, yiddish
thai	->	punjabi, caucasian, cantonese, urdu, pal
ukrainian	->	yiddish, semitic, alla, belarusian, romanian
albanian	->	albanian, berber, slavic, armenian, arabic
argentinean	->	romance, spanish, burmese, spoken, berber
australian	->	native, australian, aboriginal, pal, abc
austrian	->	hungarian, habsburg, austro, nobility, vizsla
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, spoken, paulo, berber, portuguese
bulgarian	->	belarusian, cyrillic, romanian, serbian, albanian
cambodian	->	khmer, cantonese, calligraphy, chen, taoism
chilean	->	costa, miguel, vasco, jos, brazilian
chinese	->	chinese, cantonese, mandarin, han, japanese
colombian	->	costa, brazilian, galician, colombian, angola
croatian	->	croatian, albanian, lisp, hungarian, finnish
danish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, scandinavian, pal
egyptian	->	arabic, persian, greek, syriac, sanskrit
english	->	english, welsh, dutch, spoken, speaking
french	->	portuguese, spanish, french, dutch, speaking
german	->	german, speaking, latin, spoken, dutch
greek	->	turkish, greek, arabic, persian, greeks
icelandic	->	icelandic, aleut, berber, greenlandic, javanese
indian	->	turkic, spoken, berber, indian, subcontinent
irish	->	gaelic, irish, welsh, spoken, slang
israeli	->	arabic, arab, arabs, hebrew, israeli
italian	->	italian, portuguese, latin, spoken, turkish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, china, korean, martial
korean	->	korean, punjabi, vietnamese, berber, chinese
moldovan	->	chilean, romanian, guatemalan, eritrea, russian
dutch	->	dutch, painter, swedish, pianist, polish
norwegian	->	pianist, norwegian, swedish, bohemian, mountaineer
peruvian	->	argentine, peruvian, chilean, paraguay, colombian
polish	->	polish, russian, pianist, ukrainian, hungarian
portuguese	->	composer, monarchs, habsburgs, pianist, manuel
russian	->	russian, soviet, nikolai, dmitry, pianist
slovakian	->	slovak, czechoslovakia, koruna, czech, croatian
spanish	->	spanish, defeat, franco, conquistadors, french
swedish	->	polish, swedish, pianist, violinist, hungarian
swiss	->	pianist, violinist, swiss, belgian, polish
thai	->	taiwanese, burma, laos, vietnam, bangkok
ukrainian	->	ukrainian, russian, ussr, dmitry, pianist
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kazakh, croatian, chechnya
argentinean	->	argentine, chilean, burmese, turkish, cuban
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, politicians, musician
austrian	->	austrian, hungarian, habsburg, violinist, composer
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	chilean, brazilian, colombian, argentine, italian
bulgarian	->	croatian, serbian, russian, ukrainian, bulgarian
cambodian	->	taiwanese, russo, khmer, laos, cambodian
chilean	->	chilean, cuban, argentine, colombian, belgian
chinese	->	japanese, chinese, turkish, taiwanese, puppet
colombian	->	chilean, colombian, cuban, rican, argentine
croatian	->	croatian, mountaineer, serbian, russian, hungarian
danish	->	swedish, czech, polish, hungarian, norwegian
egyptian	->	turkish, armies, syrian, ottoman, egyptian
english	->	british, scottish, monarchs, henry, defeat
french	->	french, composer, painter, sculptor, british
german	->	german, russian, nazi, austrian, polish
greek	->	turkish, russian, serbian, hungarian, byzantine
icelandic	->	norwegian, swedes, icelandic, munster, swedish
indian	->	indian, british, subcontinent, japanese, mongol
irish	->	irish, british, scottish, politicians, monarchs
israeli	->	lebanese, israeli, syrian, palestinian, forces
italian	->	italian, composer, pianist, turkish, fascist
japanese	->	japanese, emperors, samurai, british, martial
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, taiwanese, japanese, seoul
macedonian	->	serbian, macedonian, yugoslav, bulgarian, albanian
dutch	->	dutch, nederlandse, quechua, speaking, english
norwegian	->	clergyman, churchman, scots, illuminati, mime
peruvian	->	italic, welsh, brythonic, swahili, valencian
polish	->	clergyman, speaking, royalist, quechua, polish
portuguese	->	ter, brythonic, afonso, clergyman, quechua
russian	->	speaking, russian, protestant, ruble, clergyman
slovakian	->	nf, javanese, bavarian, pl, goidelic
spanish	->	spanish, colonists, dutch, speaking, conquistadors
swedish	->	clergyman, churchman, scottish, theologian, danish
swiss	->	utrecht, italic, eth, quechua, speaking
thai	->	brythonic, goidelic, ugric, tagalog, siam
ukrainian	->	semitic, ruble, romanian, hristo, ssr
albanian	->	macedonian, goidelic, albanian, serbian, slavic
argentinean	->	buenos, argentine, parliamentarians, goidelic, aires
australian	->	zealand, welsh, cricketer, clergyman, english
austrian	->	fluent, clergyman, italic, bavarian, royalist
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	languages, isolates, spoken, tagalog, speakers
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, macedonian, italic, serbian, romanian
cambodian	->	khmer, brythonic, ugric, taoism, colloquial
chilean	->	javier, peso, hui, spanish, swahili
chinese	->	chinese, brythonic, vietnamese, goidelic, celtic
colombian	->	colombian, filipino, catalan, comorian, javier
croatian	->	serbo, croatian, ugric, bulgarian, goidelic
danish	->	danish, clergyman, churchman, theologian, royalist
egyptian	->	greek, brythonic, arabic, norman, arabs
english	->	clergyman, english, welsh, scottish, oxford
french	->	french, dutch, ais, speaking, english
german	->	speaking, german, dutch, protestant, royalist
greek	->	macedonian, greek, brythonic, italic, celtic
icelandic	->	goidelic, icelandic, ugric, ori, danish
indian	->	brythonic, goidelic, indo, indian, languages
irish	->	goidelic, gaelic, irish, welsh, scottish
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, arabs, hebrew, palestinians
italian	->	speaking, dutch, languages, colonists, greek
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, shogun, usage, celtic
korean	->	vietnamese, goidelic, korean, brythonic, punjabi
macedonian	->	macedonian, italic, brythonic, colloquial, goidelic
maltese	->	maltese, ugric, goidelic, finno, illuminati
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, polish, chemist
peruvian	->	spanish, armada, peruvian, portuguese, conquistador
polish	->	polish, russian, german, hungarian, bulgarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, french, italian, mathematician
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, polish, french
slovakian	->	bulgarian, slovak, hungarian, czech, polish
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, italian, conquest
swedish	->	swedish, polish, chemist, prize, economist
swiss	->	swiss, german, french, italian, polish
thai	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, korea, indian
ukrainian	->	russian, ukrainian, romanian, yiddish, ruble
albanian	->	albanian, russian, serbian, bulgarian, kazakh
argentinean	->	spanish, argentine, armada, french, portuguese
australian	->	british, australian, american, canadian, english
austrian	->	german, austrian, hungarian, russian, polish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	portuguese, spanish, brazilian, italian, french
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, russian, albanian, serbian, croatian
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, korean, chinese, nigerian
chilean	->	spanish, costa, salvador, portuguese, chilean
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, indian, vietnamese
colombian	->	spanish, costa, rica, guatemala, portuguese
croatian	->	croatian, russian, bulgarian, hungarian, albanian
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, french, polish
egyptian	->	persian, egyptian, greek, ancient, conquest
english	->	english, british, scottish, william, anglo
french	->	french, spanish, german, portuguese, italian
german	->	german, russian, french, polish, italian
greek	->	greek, russian, turkish, bulgarian, persian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, swedish, hungarian
indian	->	indian, portuguese, native, central, east
irish	->	irish, english, british, spanish, scottish
israeli	->	israeli, arab, palestinian, syrian, palestinians
italian	->	italian, spanish, french, german, portuguese
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, indian, british
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, indian, japanese
macedonian	->	bulgarian, serbian, macedonian, russian, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, irish, hungarian, faroese
mexican	->	spanish, mexican, korean, italian, french
peruvian	->	armada, spanish, peruvian, argentine, afro
polish	->	polish, hungarian, swedish, russian, german
portuguese	->	portuguese, swedish, composer, spanish, french
russian	->	russian, german, writer, soviet, finnish
slovakian	->	hungarian, slovak, czech, croatian, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, portuguese, italian
swedish	->	swedish, danish, polish, chemist, nobel
swiss	->	swedish, swiss, danish, dutch, german
thai	->	indian, korean, oo, hindi, lazy
ukrainian	->	russian, romanian, belarusian, polish, german
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, hungarian, kazakh, afghan
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, italian, french, brazilian
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, indian, swedish
austrian	->	austrian, german, hungarian, swedish, composer
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, italian, afro, writer
bulgarian	->	russian, bulgarian, serbian, croatian, kazakh
cambodian	->	khmer, nigerian, lao, finnish, hungarian
chilean	->	costa, chilean, palma, spanish, jorge
chinese	->	chinese, indian, japanese, korean, turkish
colombian	->	colombian, costa, afro, jorge, chilean
croatian	->	croatian, hungarian, finnish, austrian, russian
danish	->	danish, swedish, hungarian, dutch, icelandic
egyptian	->	egyptian, persian, syrian, greek, arabic
english	->	british, english, scottish, dutch, swedish
french	->	french, dutch, swedish, writer, spanish
german	->	german, swedish, dutch, austrian, russian
greek	->	egyptian, turkish, swedish, hungarian, danish
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, swedish, faroese, egyptian
indian	->	indian, british, portuguese, dutch, subcontinent
irish	->	irish, british, canadian, scottish, english
israeli	->	israeli, syrian, lebanese, egyptian, jordanian
italian	->	italian, swedish, composer, german, dutch
japanese	->	japanese, indian, british, chinese, korean
korean	->	korean, indian, vietnamese, japanese, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, hungarian, bulgarian, vizsla, chronicler
maltese	->	maltese, danish, faroese, swedish, guatemalan
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, afro, italian, argentine
moldovan	->	guatemalan, romanian, chilean, ecuadorian, writer
polish	->	polish, russian, austrian, eugen, german
portuguese	->	hendrik, portuguese, monarchs, swedish, italian
russian	->	russian, soviet, union, austrian, dmitry
slovakian	->	czech, croatian, bavarian, czechoslovak, moldavian
spanish	->	spanish, vichy, huguenots, hendrik, french
swedish	->	swedish, swiss, krone, norwegian, polish
swiss	->	swiss, belgian, swedish, belgium, krone
thai	->	bangkok, mccarthyism, singapore, ghanaian, taiwan
ukrainian	->	ussr, leonid, russian, dmitry, gottlieb
albanian	->	albanian, afghan, serbian, moldavian, croatian
argentinean	->	argentine, ecuadorian, chilean, mexican, diplomats
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, secretaries, ornithologists
austrian	->	austrian, german, hungarian, swiss, eugen
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	ecuadorian, chilean, brazilian, afro, bolivian
bulgarian	->	croatian, russian, bulgarian, czech, herzegovina
cambodian	->	mccarthyism, russo, cambodian, taiwanese, nigerian
chilean	->	chilean, bolivian, ecuadorian, belgian, cuban
chinese	->	japanese, chinese, turkish, aerospace, korean
colombian	->	chilean, colombian, ecuadorian, guatemalan, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, bolivian, herzegovina, austrian, hr
danish	->	danish, krone, swedish, norwegian, swiss
egyptian	->	egyptian, syrian, historian, scandinavian, cyprus
english	->	british, scottish, canadian, nobility, henry
french	->	french, vichy, belgian, dutch, german
german	->	german, nazi, austrian, union, russian
greek	->	cyprus, turkish, austrian, russian, finnish
icelandic	->	danish, norwegian, krone, icelandic, bolivian
indian	->	indian, ornithologists, british, aerospace, subcontinent
irish	->	irish, canadian, scottish, british, bolivian
israeli	->	israeli, idf, lebanese, syrian, ornithologists
italian	->	italian, german, austrian, turkish, deaths
japanese	->	japanese, aerospace, pharmaceutical, british, deaths
korean	->	korean, seoul, philippine, ornithologists, vietnamese
macedonian	->	serbian, guatemalan, bulgarian, macedonians, macedonian
maltese	->	maltese, bolivian, malaysian, grenada, guatemalan
mexican	->	mexican, belgian, cuban, afro, chilean
moldovan	->	bolivian, guatemalan, eritrea, ecuadorian, romanian
dutch	->	dutch, danish, swedish, norwegian, ornithologists
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, swedish, french
russian	->	russian, finnish, soviet, german, italian
slovakian	->	czech, slovak, hungarian, finnish, bulgarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, portuguese, dutch, italian
swedish	->	swedish, danish, norwegian, chemist, prize
swiss	->	swiss, swedish, finnish, italian, dutch
thai	->	korean, finnish, deaths, taiwanese, korea
ukrainian	->	romanian, russian, lithuanian, finnish, ukrainian
albanian	->	albanian, hungarian, finnish, serbian, kazakh
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, italian, armada, mexican
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, commonwealth, united
austrian	->	austrian, german, hungarian, italian, swedish
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, portuguese, italian, spanish, colombian
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, russian, romanian, czech, albanian
cambodian	->	cambodian, finnish, taiwanese, liberian, nigerian
chilean	->	costa, spanish, chilean, argentine, belgian
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, turkish, colonial
colombian	->	colombian, costa, cuban, brazilian, haiti
croatian	->	croatian, finnish, hungarian, bulgarian, albanian
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, finnish, hungarian
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, ancient, persian, bc
english	->	english, british, scottish, dutch, royal
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, italian, swedish
german	->	german, italian, swedish, dutch, french
greek	->	turkish, greek, egyptian, italian, finnish
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, swedish, faroese
indian	->	indian, portuguese, british, colonial, central
irish	->	irish, british, scottish, english, canadian
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, palestinian, arab, soldiers
italian	->	italian, spanish, french, dutch, portuguese
japanese	->	japanese, british, korean, chinese, deaths
korean	->	korean, finnish, seoul, japanese, vietnamese
macedonian	->	macedonian, serbian, bulgarian, hungarian, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, faroese, malaysian, guatemalan
mexican	->	mexican, spanish, italian, argentine, belgian
moldovan	->	romanian, guatemalan, chilean, finnish, eritrea
dutch	->	dutch, danish, swedish, french, norwegian
norwegian	->	swedish, norwegian, danish, sweden, finnish
russian	->	russian, soviet, communist, republic, afghanistan
slovakian	->	slovak, republic, bulgarian, transvaal, hindi
spanish	->	spanish, french, dutch, conquistadors, colonies
swedish	->	swedish, dutch, danish, polish, norwegian
swiss	->	dutch, speaking, speakers, belgian, scandinavian
thai	->	korean, korea, india, berber, subcontinent
ukrainian	->	russian, baltic, kazakh, chad, yiddish
albanian	->	albanian, kazakh, afghanistan, berber, afghan
argentinean	->	spanish, armada, argentine, cuba, spoken
australian	->	australian, british, indian, america, native
austrian	->	german, dutch, russian, hungarian, french
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, angola, spanish, spoken, chad
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, kazakh, chad, russian, albanian
cambodian	->	khmer, korean, liberia, kuomintang, pakistani
chilean	->	costa, cuba, angola, spanish, colombia
chinese	->	chinese, korean, indian, india, japanese
colombian	->	angola, costa, ecuador, guatemala, rica
croatian	->	croatian, chad, albanian, bulgarian, finnish
danish	->	danish, scandinavian, dutch, swedish, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, afghanistan, greek, persian, arabic
english	->	british, dutch, english, spanish, colonies
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, colonies, british
german	->	german, dutch, foreign, russian, soviet
greek	->	egyptian, greek, turkish, afghanistan, macedonia
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, egyptian, scandinavian
indian	->	indian, subcontinent, central, native, indo
irish	->	irish, british, spanish, english, manx
israeli	->	israeli, arab, palestinian, lebanese, diaspora
italian	->	spanish, italian, dutch, french, turkish
japanese	->	japanese, korean, chinese, indian, india
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, indian, chinese, seoul
macedonian	->	yugoslav, serbian, slavic, macedonian, arabic
maltese	->	maltese, fijian, honduran, malaysian, bolivian
mexican	->	spanish, cuba, korean, mexican, native
moldovan	->	eritrea, bolivian, guatemalan, kazakh, kyrgyz
dutch	->	dutch, danish, spanish, speaking, spoken
norwegian	->	danish, norwegian, swedish, dutch, scandinavian
peruvian	->	ecuador, colombia, venezuela, chad, spanish
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, croatian, bulgarian, hungarian
spanish	->	spanish, french, italian, dutch, portuguese
swedish	->	swedish, polish, norwegian, hungarian, danish
swiss	->	swiss, german, finnish, romanian, italian
thai	->	finnish, korean, laos, footballer, japanese
ukrainian	->	romanian, ukrainian, croatian, bulgarian, kazakh
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kazakh, croatian, bulgarian
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, armada, brazilian, mexican
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, english, football
austrian	->	german, austrian, hungarian, vizsla, italian
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, argentine, italian, chilean, spanish
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, croatian, serbian, albanian, romanian
cambodian	->	serbian, khmer, croatian, finnish, cambodian
chilean	->	costa, chilean, argentine, spanish, rica
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, korean, turkish, finnish
colombian	->	costa, rica, colombian, argentine, chilean
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, serbian, serbo, hungarian
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, hungarian, czech
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, arabic, ancient
english	->	english, dutch, scottish, british, french
french	->	french, spanish, dutch, german, italian
german	->	german, italian, polish, hungarian, french
greek	->	greek, turkish, bulgarian, serbian, egyptian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, norwegian, swedish, egyptian
indian	->	indian, portuguese, chinese, dutch, pakistani
irish	->	irish, english, canadian, scottish, welsh
israeli	->	israeli, palestinian, lebanese, arab, palestine
italian	->	italian, german, spanish, french, composer
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, french, belgian
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, finnish, japanese, chinese
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, albanian, croatian
maltese	->	maltese, croatian, danish, albanian, guatemalan
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, spanish, italian, brazilian
moldovan	->	romanian, croatian, chilean, guatemalan, albanian
dutch	->	dutch, french, danish, swedish, german
norwegian	->	norwegian, swedish, danish, athlete, polish
peruvian	->	argentine, armada, ecuador, spanish, colombia
polish	->	polish, hungarian, german, ukrainian, bulgarian
spanish	->	conquistador, noailles, brisson, gaspard, latour
swedish	->	bacteriologist, petrus, chf, delisle, psr
swiss	->	swiss, latour, neurologist, bacteriologist, cassini
thai	->	krishnan, shimazu, rik, warplanes, koji
ukrainian	->	grigory, aleksei, borisovich, sm, ivanovich
albanian	->	argentinian, sm, agostino, andrey, claudio
argentinean	->	conquistador, argentine, rota, gaspard, noailles
australian	->	racehorse, entomologist, rik, krishnan, cricketer
austrian	->	neurologist, orientalist, krafft, partements, astm
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, racehorse, latour, gaspard, agostino
bulgarian	->	andrey, ivanovich, borisovich, sm, aleksei
cambodian	->	gaspard, maximilien, koji, shigeru, warplanes
chilean	->	gaspard, conquistador, sucre, moreno, ponce
chinese	->	warplanes, shimazu, kato, warlord, krishnan
colombian	->	gaspard, conquistador, duras, noailles, latour
croatian	->	andrey, cassini, krishnan, ivanovich, falco
danish	->	krone, cartographer, petrus, neurologist, delisle
egyptian	->	flavio, johan, gaspard, groupe, sm
english	->	entomologist, egyptologist, geer, racehorse, supercar
french	->	noailles, brisson, riviera, etienne, delisle
german	->	neurologist, orientalist, krafft, spitz, bacteriologist
greek	->	flavio, claudio, xenakis, cyclist, agostino
icelandic	->	oceanographer, nostradamus, cru, krone, johan
indian	->	indian, krishnan, sm, warplanes, rupee
irish	->	entomologist, egyptologist, argentinian, conquistadors, petrus
israeli	->	idf, israeli, psa, sm, warplanes
italian	->	italian, agostino, cyclist, noailles, neurologist
japanese	->	shimazu, warplanes, warlord, racehorse, retainer
korean	->	warplanes, shimazu, krishnan, retainer, cva
macedonian	->	bolonka, johan, flavio, brisson, girolamo
maltese	->	johan, oceanographer, argentinian, delisle, peder
mexican	->	conquistador, andres, argentine, racehorse, gaspard
moldovan	->	gaspard, duras, agostino, bolonka, argentinian
dutch	->	petrus, nederlandse, latour, noailles, neurologist
norwegian	->	delisle, fredrik, secaucus, cartographer, entomologist
peruvian	->	gaspard, conquistador, noailles, goncourt, mexicana
polish	->	neurologist, petrus, krafft, ivanovich, delisle
portuguese	->	noailles, delisle, oversea, conquistador, wolfenstein
swedish	->	swedish, danish, polish, dutch, norwegian
swiss	->	dutch, french, swiss, belgian, german
thai	->	korean, vietnamese, korea, chinese, vietnam
ukrainian	->	russian, romanian, belarusian, ukrainian, bulgarian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, kazakh, bulgarian, afghan
argentinean	->	argentine, armada, guatemala, mexican, irish
australian	->	australian, canadian, british, english, canada
austrian	->	german, hungarian, austrian, russian, french
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, guatemala, paulo, portuguese, janeiro
bulgarian	->	bulgarian, serbian, albanian, croatian, russian
cambodian	->	khmer, vietnamese, cambodian, korean, liberian
chilean	->	costa, colombia, guatemala, chilean, rica
chinese	->	chinese, korean, japanese, vietnamese, turkish
colombian	->	costa, guatemala, rica, angola, ecuador
croatian	->	croatian, bulgarian, albanian, serbian, hungarian
danish	->	danish, swedish, english, czech, norwegian
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, arabic, afghanistan
english	->	english, british, irish, dutch, william
french	->	french, dutch, portuguese, german, english
german	->	german, french, dutch, russian, italian
greek	->	greek, turkish, egyptian, cyprus, bulgarian
icelandic	->	icelandic, danish, faroese, ulster, norwegian
indian	->	indian, portuguese, chinese, korean, native
irish	->	irish, english, british, canadian, welsh
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, palestinian, irish, arab
italian	->	italian, french, portuguese, turkish, german
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, korean, british, indian
korean	->	korean, vietnamese, chinese, japanese, seoul
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, yugoslav, albanian, arabic
maltese	->	maltese, faroese, polynesia, malaysian, honduran
mexican	->	mexican, korean, guatemala, argentine, irish
moldovan	->	chilean, romanian, eritrea, guatemala, guatemalan
dutch	->	dutch, french, english, danish, swedish
norwegian	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, denmark, czech
peruvian	->	colombia, armada, ecuador, venezuela, guatemala
polish	->	polish, russian, hungarian, german, czech
portuguese	->	portuguese, french, italian, english, dutch
russian	->	russian, soviet, german, republic, french
swiss	->	italian, german, swiss, norwegian, danish
thai	->	japanese, asiatic, korean, afro, indo
ukrainian	->	russian, romanian, german, italian, ukrainian
albanian	->	albanian, serbian, afghan, kazakh, turkish
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, italian, turkish, armada
australian	->	australian, british, canadian, zealand, indian
austrian	->	german, austrian, hungarian, italian, composer
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, italian, afro, chilean, portuguese
bulgarian	->	serbian, bulgarian, russian, croatian, albanian
cambodian	->	serbian, khmer, russo, liberia, finnish
chilean	->	chilean, argentine, spanish, afro, cuban
chinese	->	japanese, chinese, turkish, korean, indian
colombian	->	colombian, chilean, afro, argentine, cuban
croatian	->	croatian, serbian, hungarian, bulgarian, russian
danish	->	danish, norwegian, german, hungarian, dutch
egyptian	->	egyptian, greek, persian, arabic, turkish
english	->	english, british, dutch, saxon, scottish
french	->	french, spanish, german, italian, dutch
german	->	german, italian, russian, norwegian, dutch
greek	->	turkish, greek, egyptian, italian, german
icelandic	->	norwegian, icelandic, danish, faroese, egyptian
indian	->	indian, portuguese, japanese, british, indo
irish	->	irish, british, english, welsh, turkish
israeli	->	israeli, egyptian, lebanese, syrian, arab
italian	->	italian, german, turkish, composer, spanish
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, indian, british, korean
korean	->	korean, japanese, vietnamese, indian, iranian
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, arabic, albanian
maltese	->	maltese, danish, faroese, norwegian, fijian
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, italian, afro, spanish
moldovan	->	chilean, romanian, ecuadorian, russian, norwegian
dutch	->	dutch, danish, norwegian, german, italian
norwegian	->	norwegian, danish, german, icelandic, singer
peruvian	->	argentine, armada, spanish, afro, peruvian
polish	->	polish, german, russian, norwegian, hungarian
portuguese	->	portuguese, spanish, italian, norwegian, composer
russian	->	russian, german, soviet, italian, finnish
slovakian	->	czech, hungarian, slovak, bulgarian, serbian
thai	->	warlord, indian, shogun, samurai, filipino
ukrainian	->	russian, ukrainian, botanist, cartographer, ilya
albanian	->	kazakh, russian, serbian, albanian, ukrainian
argentinean	->	argentine, mexican, diplomat, chilean, colombian
australian	->	canadian, australian, british, politician, indian
austrian	->	austrian, german, botanist, russian, linguist
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, botanist, chilean, canadian, colombian
bulgarian	->	russian, ukrainian, croatian, bulgarian, linguist
cambodian	->	nigerian, cambodian, liberian, taiwanese, pakistani
chilean	->	chilean, mexican, colombian, belgian, brazilian
chinese	->	chinese, indian, japanese, monk, historian
colombian	->	colombian, chilean, kenyan, brazilian, mexican
croatian	->	croatian, linguist, russian, austrian, psychologist
danish	->	danish, swedish, norwegian, cartographer, linguist
egyptian	->	historian, egyptian, philosopher, geographer, scientist
english	->	british, scottish, statesman, canadian, politician
french	->	french, statesman, historian, writer, german
german	->	german, russian, austrian, botanist, swedish
greek	->	historian, russian, mathematician, politician, philosopher
icelandic	->	norwegian, danish, icelandic, swedish, geographer
indian	->	indian, british, monk, scientist, politician
irish	->	irish, canadian, scottish, british, politician
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, idf, historian, mossad
italian	->	italian, composer, german, russian, french
japanese	->	japanese, warlord, indian, british, politician
korean	->	korean, indian, vietnamese, politician, japanese
macedonian	->	serbian, chronicler, russian, bulgarian, mathematician
maltese	->	statesman, danish, maltese, grenada, canadian
mexican	->	mexican, politician, statesman, colombian, chilean
moldovan	->	chilean, russian, guatemalan, romanian, writer
dutch	->	dutch, swedish, danish, statesman, norwegian
norwegian	->	cartographer, norwegian, swedish, geographer, danish
peruvian	->	peruvian, politician, statesman, mexican, colombian
polish	->	polish, russian, ukrainian, botanist, german
portuguese	->	statesman, botanist, physician, architect, cartographer
russian	->	russian, soviet, botanist, politician, german
slovakian	->	czech, ukrainian, croatian, politician, nigerian
spanish	->	french, spanish, historian, statesman, huguenots
ukrainian	->	flame, luftwaffe, muay, thoroughbred, chocolate
albanian	->	skating, egyptian, bulgarian, serbian, finnish
argentinean	->	championships, argentine, sport, clubs, curling
australian	->	curling, australian, canadian, sport, championships
austrian	->	armies, masters, luftwaffe, finnish, german
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	championships, sport, brazilian, bicycle, breed
bulgarian	->	bicycle, herzegovina, skating, bulgarian, bosnia
cambodian	->	muay, finnish, luftwaffe, skating, guard
chilean	->	championships, skating, pitcher, costa, colombia
chinese	->	martial, chinese, muay, guard, egyptian
colombian	->	skating, muay, costa, volunteer, championships
croatian	->	herzegovina, bicycle, bosnia, skating, croatian
danish	->	luftwaffe, hockey, jedi, skating, danish
egyptian	->	egyptian, armies, medieval, ancient, greek
english	->	victorian, medieval, bath, clubs, masters
french	->	french, armies, luftwaffe, force, championships
german	->	luftwaffe, skating, german, armies, infantry
greek	->	egyptian, hellenic, greek, armies, medieval
icelandic	->	curling, icelandic, skating, mil, olympic
indian	->	indian, egyptian, martial, modern, muay
irish	->	irish, victorian, canadian, clubs, medieval
israeli	->	volunteer, rabbis, israeli, guard, egyptian
italian	->	armies, renaissance, italian, medieval, championships
japanese	->	martial, japanese, muay, luftwaffe, mahjong
korean	->	muay, korean, martial, hellenic, finnish
macedonian	->	bulgarian, jedi, serbian, muay, egyptian
maltese	->	curling, brigade, harp, greens, mil
mexican	->	mexican, volunteer, sport, muay, argentine
moldovan	->	skating, coat, bicycle, inventory, luftwaffe
dutch	->	hockey, clubs, guilds, sport, medieval
norwegian	->	luftwaffe, olympic, muay, usaf, hockey
peruvian	->	muay, colombia, amazon, mercedes, wandering
polish	->	luftwaffe, brigades, polish, armies, knights
portuguese	->	medieval, masters, clubs, guilds, siege
russian	->	russian, luftwaffe, armies, finnish, soviet
slovakian	->	skating, slovak, muay, olympic, olympics
spanish	->	armies, spanish, guilds, medieval, clubs
swedish	->	olympic, masters, victorian, hockey, olympics
albanian	->	serbian, albanian, kazakh, romanian, armenian
argentinean	->	argentine, spanish, argentinian, mexican, french
australian	->	canadian, australian, british, aboriginal, english
austrian	->	austrian, sculptor, composer, hungarian, violinist
belorussian	->	WORDS belorussian ARE NOT IN VOCABULARY!
brazilian	->	brazilian, footballer, romanian, colombian, french
bulgarian	->	serbian, bulgarian, romanian, croatian, czech
cambodian	->	serbian, khmer, liberian, georgian, chinese
chilean	->	argentine, chilean, brazilian, colombian, mexican
chinese	->	chinese, japanese, cantonese, warlord, turkish
colombian	->	colombian, martinique, argentinian, angola, brazilian
croatian	->	croatian, serbian, bulgarian, serbo, hungarian
danish	->	danish, czech, sculptor, french, swedish
egyptian	->	greek, egyptian, arabic, chinese, armies
english	->	english, scottish, royalist, welsh, french
french	->	french, sculptor, composer, fran, dramatist
german	->	german, french, russian, polish, italian
greek	->	turkish, serbian, greek, vizsla, bulgarian
icelandic	->	danish, icelandic, czech, norwegian, manx
indian	->	chinese, indian, japanese, french, descent
irish	->	irish, english, canadian, welsh, scottish
israeli	->	israeli, lebanese, palestinian, jewish, rebel
italian	->	italian, composer, french, sculptor, artist
japanese	->	japanese, chinese, warlord, shogun, mahjong
korean	->	korean, chinese, japanese, vietnamese, warlord
macedonian	->	serbian, bulgarian, macedonian, romanian, kazakh
maltese	->	maltese, polynesia, argentinian, royalist, grenada
mexican	->	mexican, argentine, french, spanish, colombian
moldovan	->	romanian, moldovan, serbian, kazakh, chilean
dutch	->	dutch, french, sculptor, flemish, danish
norwegian	->	sculptor, warlord, cartographer, danish, churchman
peruvian	->	argentine, filipino, armada, footballer, ecuador
polish	->	polish, sculptor, russian, romanian, hungarian
portuguese	->	sculptor, composer, french, missionary, spanish
russian	->	russian, romanian, slovenian, violinist, french
slovakian	->	slovak, czech, romanian, serbian, bulgarian
spanish	->	french, spanish, huguenots, sculptor, dutch
swedish	->	polish, swedish, churchman, sculptor, danish
swiss	->	swiss, romanian, organist, sculptor, violinist
